It is very interesting and very important session. Thanks Company_y for you valuable time.
Workshop was good. I learned something new. Now we use Github accounts for our projects. Thank you!. There was problem with university wifi connection( proxy server). We couldn't upload using cmd.
Had good knowledge about using Github
it's good to know about what is GitHub and its functions, when we go to the industry it's really helpful to manage our project or a teamwork
The workshop was very well conducted. It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also, to get the basic understanding. In terms of the workload that has been done( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas) within the given time is appreciable.
Workshop was excellent. It was clear and had a smooth flow. It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork/pull- request processes in GitHub. Even without them, still the workshop was awesome. Thanks.
Good job! But last part is bit faster, hard to catch up so and start I bit slower so I think it is good to balance the time and do the workshop.
It's good to have a workshop like this. It will help to improve our knowledge.
I think that's very use full to develop our programming challenge project and also our object oriented system designing project as a team. You did that workshop perfect speed. Thanks you Company_y!
I was unable to attend this workshop. But heard it was good and covered a lot of basics about Git.
I wanted to learn how to use GIT from about two months. Surprisingly, This workshop taught us how to use GIT. Great Work! Thanks!
We found a little difficult to grab some of the contents since things were demonstrated fast at some points. But it was useful that we got to know about git and github.
It was a good workshop. But I think if you show us how to work with real big project( I mean like netbeans project) with Git, it would be better. But still it was a good workshop.
It was very useful. But if we fail to follow the lecture for 5 mins it was very difficult to catch up the workshop. It was an excellent workshop.
This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller. How to use GIT. I got some ideas to use this for my project. But to be open I'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one. Instructions and practical instructions were given fast. I'm unable to follow some instructions. For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower.
Today's workshop was really useful. This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects. But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints. Overall it was a great workshop
It was really a good workshop. We got to know about the usage of GIT while working on software projects and many more things. It will be really helpful for us in the future. Thank you
It was a good workshop. It would be better if the things are explained slowly. Thank you.
This workshop is really better than last two workshops. Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained. And taught everything methodically.
It was really good. I got to know many thing. It was really helpful. Thank you
Had a good understanding about Company_y and Git.
I learned about Git Vcs in this workshop. Thank you very much Company_y
The overall workshop was very informative. The first half of the workshop was alright. I was able catch up with the lecturer. But in the later half, it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter. So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing. Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try. It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower.
Git- Version Control System Workshop done by Company_y was really interesting session. I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub. The team was very friendly and very helpful. Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us. Hope to have another interesting session with you.
git is an essential aspect we should be familiar with as computer engineers and the workshop made us take the first step in it. It was informative and enjoyable.
It was productive. But it would have been better if you explained a bit more about the code towards the last part rather than at the beginning. Thanks for the great workshop!
Thank you for teaching us to use git and github. It is a new experience. The lecture was good and easy to understand. We hope that Company_y will do more workshops in the future.
It was a very interactive interesting session on GIT. Learned a lot during the limited time and you did your best to cover as much as possible and give us the maximum. Thank you.
It was a new concept for us. I think it will really help us in the future.
It was really a fruitful program. We learned how to use git, github properly. Thank you very much for your time for us and hope you'll do more in future.
The workshop was very useful for me. I already had a github account. But I didn't know to how to use it appropriately. As we are doing our semester project it will be very useful for all of us. Thank you.
The workshop on git and github was very interactive and we did lot of practicals. I think it was very useful and interesting
Thank you for taking your valuable time to do such an informative and helpful workshop for us.
This was a great workshop. It helped us a lot to get to know about git
Best workshop so far. I have been struggling with GIT for sometime. Due to its weird terminology. Thank you so much.
This was an very interesting workshop which will reduce so much stress when doing group projects
It was a new experience. First time I learnt it. Lecture and all instructors are very friendly. They help us lot. Thank you for all.
This workshop really help us to get a better knowledge about git and github. Thank You.
An awesome workshop. We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems. One thing I experienced was I couldn't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending. This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve. I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems. Each can give an area to focus on. This way they don't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us.
Did good job with limited time period. It had been better if you would have done it but slowly
Workshop was really good. We had no idea about GIT before the workshop. It gave us a clear basic understand on GIT. Thank you very much.
this workshop is really good
Actually it was a effective workshop. We are new to version controlling systems, so it was great opportunity for us to learn a important new concept.
Today we had a very useful session on github. Compared to last week workshop this one is really awesome. I should thank the lecturer for his effort to teach the things so clearly so that everyone could understand. I'll really appreciate if you can upload the lecture note
It was very informative and valuable for us. When we were doing practicals I felt the speed was a little bit too much.
Many new things were learnt within 3 hours. I think that knowledge is very important to us as cse undergraduates. However, I think we need some more clarifications and do presentation slower. Thank you.
The workshop is amazing. I knew nothing when I was entering the workshop, but I leave here with a plenty of knowledge about Git and GitHub. Thank you very much.
I'm very thankful for the GIT workshop for the Company_y. The workshop was really good and resourceful. But as all the other workshops the end was fast and it was really hard to get anything out the last 30 min of the workshop. Thank you
In this workshop we learnt about git. I think it is very useful when we doing group think. Thank you so much for the workshop
I wanted to thank you for your workshop. The workshop was excellent. I really enjoyed it. The presenters( who conducted the workshop) did a good job. You gave us a good start. Thank you very much again. I'm looking forward for more workshops from you in the future.
It was a really good presentation and we learnt a real lot out of it. We highly appreciate the corporation provided by Company_y and hope for more collaborative work in future as well. Thank you for the workshop.
Git is very popular online application in IT industry. So for us it very important to know about those things. And it is very useful for our projects also. This is a very important workshop for us. Thank you.
