interesting and more useful workshop. Thanks for Company_x
It was great. I learnt something
Well explained and easy to understand. Great work as always. Thank you.
Had a good understanding about how to write unit tests. Since it took considerable time in explaining the procedure of writing unit tests, it was interesting session.
Good
Thanks a lot Millenium. But better if you could teach us more. Last 10 min was just like wasted.
very well organized. Best workshop until now.
learned how to do the unit testing via netbeans IDE. But this could be covered in the previous unit testing workshop. Anyway workshop is good:)
The session was well planned and clear. Thank you
Well constructed workshop.
workshop was good. We could get a basic idea about testing tools.
It was very interesting and good. It is very helpful. The time you have given us to run and check code during the workshop was more than enough. So reduce that time a little, then it will save time to teach us more. Thank you so much.
good. It was very useful. But it would be better if selenium part also taught.
The workshop was good and interesting
Really good workshop. Learnt a lot.
nice workshop. Got many useful informations.
It was good. Clearly explained.
It was a good session. Most students were very familiar with java. Hence with both conditions satisfied, I think people made the best out of the session.
I was used to test programs using print commands from early days. Through the workshop I got to know many interesting things about test engines. Workshop was really helpful. Thank you.
One of the best workshops so far. Had the attention to the fullest. Better if unit testing was not repeated( since it was already done by cakelabs)
funny and great workshop. The workshop team is best and they taught us how to do programming with in the different tools.
workshop is good we should spend more time on them
As always we learn new tools from these workshops. But that question you asked" how many logos you can recognize" forced me to think that how much I know about this industry. I think I have do lot more than I am doing right now to become the person I always wanted to be, an expert.
The workshop was very effective.
Workshop was successful.
Interesting and had fun! keep up the good work.
The session was good. Learnt a lot of new things related to testing and debugging. It would have been better if you taught us how to use the selenium IDE or at least show a demo using that.
it was very useful to us
It was great. We could learn more about testing techniques.
This workshop was very useful because we learnt a simple way to keep our code functioning as it should, and introduce changes without hassle. I'm grateful for Company_x for spending their valuable time for us.
It was a really nice workshop. I love the way workshop was conducted and also ice breaking exercises. Thank you very much. I have earned as much as possible.
I believe that workshop goals are met. Since we had done JUnit before, it would be better if JUnit and TestNG scopes are covered in a single workshop. Overall feedback- Good
Better than the last time. We actually learnt some new things and please extend our thanks for the Company_x team!
The workshop was great and content was very useful and clear. It was conducted in very attractive manner. Thank you for your concern toward us.
It was a very good and interactive workshop. We learnt the basic concepts very well. We are looking forward to learn testing beyond unit testing
The session was really interesting as well as very useful.
This workshop was actually very good. The pace of teaching was consistent. We felt like everything had been very well organized. However, I would have liked to see some a few CASE studies.
this was fantastic and really interesting session. Presenter could make attraction to his presentation by his way of presenting. Nice day spend with the session.
Workshop is great and we learn lot from it.
