The lecture was inspiring and was a good start as fresh CSE students. I hope to hear the rest of the lecture as well.
It is very important lecture. He did it nicely.
It was a good session and really appreciated it. Since OOP is something new to me, I was much benefited from it and could grasp some tips. Better if we can have the rest of the lecture on another day. Please schedule the remaining session to the latter part of the semester because we can gain some knowledge from our module and that knowledge could be revised from this lecture.
It is very useful. He gave so many advices which which are very helpful to our studies. I request our dept to organize his guest lecture in future.
Lecture was really good and he described simply. I understood his lecture really well.
The lecture was fine but I guess it is better to conduct such a lecture may be late part of the module or even at the mid of the module because at the very beginning of the module we have a little knowledge about the subjects. The lecture was fine I guess better to do it latter part.
great, I could understand the basic principles of OOP
It was really good and interesting. Personally I did not know much about object oriented programming. By that lecture I learn some basics and I was able to understand them at the lecture.
Good. Better if held after some theoretical hours.
He gave a good lecture. It was interesting and insightful. But I think he could have done more in the given time
It was really good. The way of explaining is well paced and well organized. Focussing on the fundamentals is very good since most of us are new to OOP. Hope to learn more from Mr. Lecturer_y.
It was a great experience and waiting for the next session as he mentioned.
The lecture was really interesting as Mr. Lecturer_y was explaining the theories with real world applications. The ideas and the concepts were discussed in a simple step by step manner enabling us to grasp easily. The experience and the knowledge he had related to the field made him trustworthy. And it was really helpful as the lecture was conducted in our 2nd week in the department.
The lecture was good. It would be better if he had more time.
it will be very useful if he could do another couple of lectures.
It was one of the best lectures we had during our first 2 weeks. The way he explain OOP concepts with examples is really great. What we noticed is, he has ready- made examples which goes in parallel with the learning. Pls let us get familiar with the practical world scenarios as often as possible.
it was a great experience to have a lecture from a person in the field, thank you very much.
absolutely brilliant lecture, we got to have clear understanding about oop. Hope that he may visit again to cover the rest of it.
It was very helpful for us to have a better understanding about basic concepts of OOP concepts. I got an good idea about OOP concepts after this lecture. Thank you very much sir. I suggest that it is better if we have another lecture session.
I think the lecture was good but it is better to conduct such a lecture at last part of the module.
Lecture was interesting.
it was very useful for me. It would be better if he teach us another day
Thank you sir for your lecture. It is nice and helpful to learn. But time seems very short.
It was very helpful to to get an idea on what is OOP with his practical examples. I wish if he was able to complete the lecture.
Guest lecture by Mr. Lecturer_y was one of the best, well- organized lectures I ever had. The concepts were clear as he used examples. As I am a beginner for Object Oriented Programming, it was a good chance for me to understand the concepts. It was great to have the lecture at the beginning of the semester. I hope that he will continue his service for our junior batches as well.
Yes. It's quite good. He simply teach us from the basics. Very good lecture for beginners to know what is object oriented language and how it is working. Really appreciate it.
It's very useful for us. We are expecting another lecture
good. It would be best if he could have some more time:)
I think has lot of experience in this field and also in lecturing. So as he said I would like him to come again and do more lectures for us.
The lecture was quite interesting and understandable. I appreciate the fact that the lecturer took long enough to explain on subject matters and make it clearer.
The lecturer was very audible and clear to the students. I got to understand about abstraction clearly, which I couldn't get a clear image from the books. It's unfortunate that the lecturer couldn't finish the whole lecture within the allocated time. But he could have covered more in the time where he took to give a lengthy introduction about him. Hope to see him in the future giving the rest of the lecture.
It was really helpful to get an idea about OOP concepts. It is better if there is any possibility of inviting him for another session.
It was a really interesting lecture about OOP concepts and some important informations about the industry. But I think the time is not enough so it will be a great chance if you can do another lecture. Thank you
As a beginner to OOP I got lot of important things from his lecture. He made a clear view on the topic. I'm really thank you if you could kind enough to arrange another lecture from him. Thank You.
It was very helpful. He explains the things deeply and finely. But he couldn't cover the entire things. I expect that he would cover those things in another lecture. I expect another session from him.
The session was really successful. Got to know a lot about the stuff I didn't know earlier. This session increased my interest to OOP. Hope that there would be more and more guest lectures from Mr Lecturer_y.
It was good. It was good to see and share the experiences someone who works in this field. Hope we will be having more valuable lectures from people like him.
Dear Sir, It was a great lecture that we learnt much. Sir, I think it is our privilege to be in your lecture. Please extend this lecture for us in another session. Thank you!
The guest lecture was very good, we were able to get a very good knowledge about basics of OOP and what we need to become to adapt to the industry. And also we got an idea about the advantages of using OOP to create systems. We will look forward to have another session from Mr. Lecturer_y about OOP.
This lecture is actually very much useful to us. Actually I understood everything he said, please give him another day or two to complete that lecture,
Sir, I think your lecture was a very important and successful one. Wish to participate more. Thank you.
It was good but the time given was not enough. Couldn't follow the explanation about Abstraction. Hope that he will do another lecture on OOP.
The lecture was beneficial for us who were struggling to grasp the object oriented concepts.
It was very good and able to understand well with the teaching method. We were able to logically understand the taught concepts within the class. Thank you.
On those days I had a huge confusion on OOP. But after the lecture I was able to get the main idea of OOP and UML. The lecture was well organized that anyone can understand even the beginners in OOP and it was not a boring lecture at all. We would be grateful you sir if you manage time for us to do the remaining slides on another day.
Very good.
It's very good and motivate for us. We want more from you.
it's good.
It was really interesting. And we could a lot about basics and the way should adapt to CSE from the beginning. I hope he will conduct more lectures in future.
it was really good. Helped us a lot. would be better if he could come again couple of times more.
His explanations about OOp were really good and he gave some really good real world examples. We'd be glad to have a another lecture from him.
It's very useful to us. We know many new information and we get new ideas from that lecture.
it was good. Looking forward to his next guest lecture .( missed part)
It was really interesting
It was good and was helpful to learn the basics of Object Oriented Programming. Looking forward to attend more lectures like that.
I think it is very useful. I think it is better if we have that later.
Lecture was fine. Lecturer gave us many information about the field and current trends of the CS arena. If possible please conduct another lecture at the end of the course module. Thank you.
First thank you for your lectures. Diagrams which you gave for inheritance and other some are very useful. If u can take a another lectures for balance part.
Having him explain the core concepts of OOP was extremely useful, as we have zero to nil knowledge on the subject and he is quite good at explaining them. I believe he should be given more time to continue his lecture so that we can finish his lesson. All in all, it was great to have a lecture from him.
Clearly explained the basics. Thanks!
Good. He took good examples to explain OOP concept. Thank you.
Lecture was quite good. Though the covered area was small, described well.
It was very useful lecture, but some explanations didn't get correctly as we are new to object oriented programming. However we are given more knowledge within few hours.
got a glimpse of OOP. Interesting lecture. Very good.
the lecture was good I couldn't focus on the lecture because I not get much from that
I think Mr. Lecturer_y did fascinatingly well in the lecture. His organization of ideas and the way of presenting was marvelous. His ideas clearly curved in our minds because of the way he presented. Look forward to see him again to continue the lecture.
It was a great experience taking lessons from an expert in the industry. His presentation was well prepared and succinct. I was sensing a real world sense of programming.
since I don't know anything about oop it is really useful to me.
