The workshop was a important and interesting one. But it would be better if we have more time for the workshop.
Firstly, thank you for dedicating your valuable time on us. You gave us a lot within 3 hours. I learnt many things new today and also think that I should look into those Ideas and build tools as it will be very helpful. It may be good if some examples were included and explained more on later topics.
it was really important and much valuable session for me. Although it was the first day I heard about such an area in CSE I studied lots of things. So, it is great workshop and thank Company_y for conducting it.
It was very helpful. It was especially helpful because we have OOP projects which require continuous code management.
This was very good workshops. But time was not enough. It is better if explain more about Junit and Git. But actually it was very good workshop.
It is a great workshop I think time period should be extended
Thank you for spending your valuable time to conduct such workshops for us. The workshop was helpful to get a basic idea about build tools such as Ant. It would have been even better if only a few topics were covered in more detail as the time was limited.
IntelliJ Introduction was good. I could not point at least the exact use of each of the other 3 sections, I think it is better to cover only one section per 3 hours. I expected more about Git and version control systems too.
The workshop was useful as a whole. But the latter part of the workshop was little ineffective as we were alien to those areas and the explanations were so speedy.
It was very useful to us. We had a chance to know about to do compilation using terminal, IDE, build tools, ANT, Unit test and Jenkins. But we didn't have enough time to do more practicals for getting more idea about concept during the workshop.
Workshop was well structured, but time was a problem. But it occurred because our students were not ready for it. Sorry for that. However it was a great session
First of all I would like to thank all the instructors who dedicated their valuable time to teach for us. today's session was really helpful to arouse our curiosity on ant and junit. Hope you 'll continually give your support to enhance our knowledge.
Personally these workshops were very useful me. I could gather many things I didn't knew.
It's better to focus more on teaching Jenkins, ant all other stuff rather than basic knowledge of java:)
The workshop was really good. I learned a lot of new things. It is sad that there was not enough time for practicals. Nothing negative to point out. Thanks you all for your wonderful workshop.
It is great workshop. Because ant is very useful for us, for our projects. Thank you.
It is very useful for us. We studied a lot of unknown thing. Thank you.
First I would like to thank everyone who spent their valuable time to do this workshop. Got the basic idea how java files compile, run and how the folders are make when we work with a ide. But I think it will be more benefited if we focus only one or two new concepts as we had limited time.
session is useful. But the prior arrangements( downloading and setting up environmental variable) took more time because most students were unable to do it. So give CLEAR explanation on how to do them before the session.
The session was very useful to get an idea about software tools. It would have been better if we get enough time to test sample codes.
I appreciate the help given by the team when we face problems in installing the IDEs and implementing programs. I think it is better if you select a limited area to cover during the session other than explaining quickly.
It was very useful to get an understanding about what industry expect from us. If we had more time on ANT, JUNIT, Jenkins it will be more useful
The workshop was a great experience for us. Company_y members done a good job there. Thank you for your support
Session has reasonable content.
I could able to understand something we didn't go through before. Was really useful. But the time limit was not enough.
It was really good, covered a lot from a short period of time. It was a whole new experience. We apologize for not covering up the prerequisites beforehand.
It might be better if the target was to educate us on few things in more depth according to the time issue.
A lot of knowledge gained within 3 hours. I was introduced to some new technologies. Thank you for spending your time to give us knowledge. More examples and somewhat slow clarifications may be good.
It is little bit inconvenience to get the idea what you presented in last part of the session because of the speed of the. presentation.
They are good but the maximum was not able to grab due to the time constraint. It'd be great if we were informed a bit earlier to setup out computers to fit the workshops. Other than that they are great but still we find it difficult to relate them to the real work work environments. Thanks
With the limited time you all did a great job. Learned a lot and it was very informative. Thank you a lot.
It was awesome. I have learned technologies that were used in the industry. Thanks for Company_y
The workshop was very useful. The content was very important for CS students. I think these things should be taught to CSE students in the second semester. And the time allocated is not enough therefore it is better if it can be divided into two workshops and allocate more time.
It was very helpful to gain the knowledge in area which we didn't knew
This workshop was really useful. We got familiar with industrial related software development practicals via this workshop. I think the duration is not enough.
first part of workshop was fine. But because of lack of time last part was rushed through. not very clear for me .:-(
The content that covered in the workshop was very important and we got the idea we should be aware of those tools.
It was very useful for us and thank you all. I learn lot. But I think, it is better that lecture may be slowly few than today. I cannot note some code parts.
It was really awesome workshop. Got to know about a new IDE and how to work with it. It is better if you can allocate more time on ANT and JUNIT since it was very hard to keep track on those lectures. Anyway we had a good time improving our knowledge in industrial aspects. Thank you very much for conducting this kind of workshop.
This session is good and helpful. They taught us many new things like JUnit, IntelliJ idea. Final half of the session was very speed and bit complicated. But I think we can we figure out that things ourselves.
Actually it is better if can have more examples and tutorials on apache ant environment as we are beginners for those things. Nice attempt .:)
The whole workshop was very productive for us and we got to know a lot of things. My only regret is that we ran out of time. A bit more information on ANT would have been very useful rather than focusing a lot on the SIDE.
Got many things from the session. Thank you very much for your contribution
it's really good to know how to test classes before implementation and bug fixing. Also this workshop useful because we know which requirements they will ask when we go to the industry
The workshop was very good and the explanations were quite clear. Could gain a good knowledge and understanding on those areas. Hope that'll be useful in our future projects. Thank You.
I really enjoyed the workshop. It was a great and will be extremely useful in my practice. It was well structured and well supported. Looking forward more things from you in the future.
I installed the IDE. I compiled and executed a simple code using cmd. Other than that, I didn't understand anything.
It was good from their part. But since the workshop was for 3 hours we had some problems with following due to technical issues regarding laptop battery life and etc.
The session was good But the last part were bit complex to understand. We got a brief idea but it would have been great we could do the practicals in the same time as well.
actually it was a great workshop to me. Before I come to the workshop I didn't know much about that. Thank you very much for sharing knowledge with us.
The topic discussed in the today's workshop were really important. We were not aware about such things discussed today. It is better if the could allocate more time on the topics discussed at last.
The workshop was interesting. The first part where we used command line to compile a program was good, but later we spent a lot of time on java basics, which we already knew. The remaining parts were good.
we could not catch up the last facts that were told as they were rushing due to time limits. It will be much better if even few topics were discussed with more details and examples. Overall the workshop is useful and interesting
We had a good time in this workshop, We learned how the java works underneath to compile and run a source file. We also learned about the IntelliJ IDE.
Workshop is fine. They need to quickly finish basics and go to the hard parts. Because students need more time to grasp those.
This is really useful and helpful for our future and ongoing projects. Thank you.
It was a great workshop. We learnt a lot about build tools and concepts. We could have save time if you informed us about prerequisites more clearly. Thanks a lot .:)
Organization of the workshop was excellent. I was able to understand all except version control system and junit. Overall it was good.
This is a good workshop but the time is not enough. It would be better if you do this presentation in two days instead of rushing through everything in one day
The workshop taught us lot of new concepts. It was useful and an eye opener. Thank you for conducting it. But the lectures were conducted a little too fast. It would have been more helpful if there was lesser areas touched but explained to a more depth.
The sessions were really good, Specially the session on JUnit was really interesting. I remember so many times altering main the code, just to check independent parts of code I type. I think JUnit would be very helpful for me there. ANT session was also very good. I was struggling with new android studio and gradle. But now, I think I would understand it better. Thank you Company_y!
it was a good workshop. It help to know many thing.
We learned about important tips about programming and good programming practices. The information on the build tools, version control systems etc were really helpful. Considering the content clearly the time was not adequate, so if the the presentations were summarized accordingly that could have been great
