It was very informative and interesting. I personally got many unclear things about oop cleared during this lecture. Unfortunately the time was not enough. I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer_y for Sacrificing his valuable time and effort.
It was a great lecture. I have learnt a lot of things from that lecture like practical use of abstraction. It would be better if he had some more time because I think in the lecture he had to speed up because he had not got enough time. Thank you very much sir.
Mr. Lecturer_y's lecture was very informative and interesting. He explained theories using well matching real world examples. We happy to have another lecture from Mr. Lecturer_y
First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us. I found today's lecture very informative. Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting. When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job. I learned about new things like transition diagrams, CRC modeling. You did brush up my knowledge. I believe that the verb- noun technique you taught to identify objects, methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future. I wished that you had more time complete the lecture. Nothing bad I can think of to point out. Hope to see you in another informative session. Thanks again.
The lecture was amazing and provided us an insight into practical applications of OOP concepts and about how the corporate world applications use them. We got a summary of what we had learned so far. The only regret was we did not have more time for the lecture.
We are grateful to Mr. Lecturer_y for conducting the guest lecture on Object oriented programming. The lecture was easy to understand with the ample examples provided. It helped to clear certain doubts we had on the subject.
It was very much interesting. It would be better if we would have a another session
Actually it was a great session. We got lot of things from your lecture. Specially regarding industrial side aspects. It will be really helpful for us in near future. Thank you sir
It was a successful program than I thought and learnt many new things.
It was very good lecture actually, It is better if there were more examples( Real Software projects) when describing things.
It was a good lecture. The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP. He suggested books for reference. It was very useful.
Great lecture. Learned lot of things from you. Thank you for your time.
It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP. Especially, what you've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it. I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important. Thank you sir for giving such references. And the last but not the least, having lecture with you, a great figure in Software Industry, I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly. Thank you sir.
The lecture was really good. He was very interactive. Hope to hear from him again
It was really an awesome lecture Mr. Lecturer_y. I understood a lot about abstraction in that lecture. You explained that concept simply but with all the facts that would help our mind to create a picture abstraction. The event explanation was good too. Thanks a lot.
It was very good and interesting lecture.
Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an" out of box" idea about what we were learning during last few weeks. I am sure that Noun/Verb Analysis, CRC Modeling, OO Principles- SOLID theories that you taught us on that day, will make our lives easier when developing a new program. But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA, it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus. Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us.
It was a very informative session. Gained knowledge on object oriented programming concepts.
It was a very informative session. Thank you .:-)
It was great help for me to understand some points in OOP. All the facts were clearly taught with examples. So we did not have to think much to understand lots of them. Thank you very much for sacrificing your time for us. It was a great help for me.
It was an interesting session. It's better if there are some follow up sessions too. Thank you
It was really helpful to find the relevance of oop in software developing. Even though I'd gone through the theorems and definitions off oop to a certain extent, still I find it somewhat difficult to apply ones it comes to the design phase. So it helped be a great deal to enhance OOP thinking pattern.
It's a interesting lecture and I got a good understand about how to apply OOP concepts to real practical things. I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer_y to give us a good lecture.
Good.
Excellent Lecture. Thank you very much Sir.
It was a good lecture. We learnt more about the concept of OOP, and clear some doubts about the subject matters. It had been better if you had the time to explain the last part of the lecture more briefly. Thank you sir for your valuable time and the effort contributed to improve our knowledge about the art of programming.
I think it is helps us to understand what the industrial background of CS engineer. Further your explanations of Abstraction and UML diagrams are interest. We are luckiest, if we had more time to discuss other topics. Thank you very much Sir!
It is very useful. Especially the abstract and polymorphism explanation is very good
Thank you sir for having an excellent guest lecture. Your examples are brilliant. Thank you for sharing your experiences with us. You told really good ways to study. And you showed us that we must search and learn more on modern software trends which always change. Thank you sir again.
The guest lecture was very interesting and informative!
The examples taken by Lecturer_y sir to explain the concepts were great. The lecture was inspiring us to do our best.
Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us. It was really a great lecture. It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams. Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory. Moreover the references given by you are very important. Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop.
It was great. I got to know about lot of people who are related on this field and I read some articles published by them, kind of new experience to me, things that I never thought of. Superb.
It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far. It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class. I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time.
it was very useful I further understand the basic concept of oop clearly. He told. Interesting example for that concepts that were unforgettable. And aslo he taught about diagrams such as state diagram, class diagram etc, very well. And also very interesting things in lecture are he told his experience about his studies and his teaching experience and also he gave many e- resources and book for references. Thank you sir for your great lecture,. p. s- I expect your lecture in future!
Dear Sir,. It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts, techniques of software analysis and designs. Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us. It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours. Hope to have another lecture from you sir. Thank you very much. Best Regards,. Chanaka Lakmal. Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering,. University of Moratuwa,. Moratuwa.
The lecture was really interesting. He motivated us to do extra reading apart from just managing to cover up every- day compulsory work. He gave a general idea on how and where some of the concepts we learned are actually applied.
Great lecture sir, really good material and above all it was more informative than any other guest lecture lecture we had. Thanks for the references as well. State diagrams will come in handy for us sooner rather than later. Once again thanks for your kind concern for us despite your rather busy work schedule.
Good lecture. Got good idea about states, abstraction and polymorphism. Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir. They are very useful. Thanks.
Sir,. It was a very useful lecture. I wanted to know how a software engineer in the field deals up with the concepts that we learn today. So I got what I wanted and it was the best thing. And the things you made taking with some really explainable examples made the facts registered in our brain. Thank You Sir.
Dear Lecturer_y sir;. First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture. The lecture was totally organized and well arranged. Examples were much familiar for us. And we love share your golden experience. It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too. Thank you again.
The session was rather informative and inspiring. It helped us a lot to understand OOP principles and UML and state diagrams. Thank you for the valuable information you shared with us.
Sir,. The lecture was great. Actually I didn't like the OOP before because it looked like a waste of memory and processing power but after your lecture I realized that why it is so important. Further, thank you for inspiring us about the founders of these concepts. As you said I will try to read those books form 'cover to cover'. Thanks.
it was a good lecture to me. I understand the important of the OOP concept, when we work in industry. Thank You.
Really it was very important for me. Got an idea about the noun/verb analysis and CRC modeling for the first time. In my point of view it was good that you touched several parts of OOP concepts. The things you told about the ways of referring books were very important. Hope we would have more. Thank you.
I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us. That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture. And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far. Some important concepts such as Abstraction, Polymorphism were explained in very practical way. I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer_y is a great privilege for all of us. Thank you.
