This module was very useful for me since I learn a lot of about the things that I was not aware of which improved the quality of my programming skills. But I found that some workshops were not very successful because the content of those workshop was not feasible to finish in the given time. So they were in a rush to just finish the workshops and we found it is hard to grasp anything out of it. Even though I don't promote copying but that is why may be my colleges did copied assignments since they found it is hard to do them without learning the whole concept by their own. Also I find the workshops are more weighted towards designing, analyzing, testing and debugging. I would like if you would have included networking workshop. We felt the lack of networking workshop when we were developing network multiplayer mode of Tic Tac Toe game. The workshops were done on GIT, log4j, junit,. Net, MySQL, Debugging, Scrum, Extreme and Spring was really good workshops. I find them really useful for me. Even when developing the OOSD semester project we tried to apply most of those concept we learnt from those workshop. So I learnt how important the content of those workshop and to follow those methods and best practices to build a high quality successful product and an software Engineer.
It is better if you can select some important sections and have complete workshop on those. As an example If it is MySQL, better if we can take about 3 weeks and complete all the parts that should be covered. It would be great rather than doing a small part from so many different sections. Also it is good to give the assignments on the class itself on the same day. Then it will not be a extra workload for us.
The workshops held were immensely helpful to develop our various programming and team skills. But personally I think the number of workshops and assignments were a bit too much
This is one of my favorite module for semester 3. We really enjoyed developing a game by ourselves. Also the workshop series exposed us to latest technologies. Looking forward to Programming Challenge II.
It was fun to work with the industry, though some assignments are hard:)
The course was helpful to get to know different and new technologies and programming methodologies. However, in some workshops, it was difficult to understand and use the technology within the short time provided. It would have been even more useful if further explanations were provided on how to use these tools practically( such as Git). Thank you for conducting these workshops as they introduced numerous tools that are essential for us.
Learnt a lot of new technologies and how they can be applied. Thank you for conducting these workshops.
I suggest that less number of topics should be covered and topics should be more broadly covered. Maybe by giving a particular seminar more than one session. This module should be given more weight because it's very important because of programming project and assignments. Maybe making GPA module would be good.
This series of workshops is very helpful to us as we get the chance to work with industry people and also rather than what we are theoretically learning, these things appear to be more helpful in our career. However, some workshops are somewhat difficult to grasp and I think if they can focus on some part rather than everything on topic it would be easier us to get basic knowledge. And also as we need to learn server- socket knowledge at mini project, it would be helpful if such area is also covered by a workshop. Overall, this is a very good module to cse students.
workshops are very helpful and we learnt a lot of new things from them. But it's hard to manage time to do assignments with the workload of the other subjects and projects sometimes.
Some workshops were good but some were bad. Some workshops gave too much workload. So I guess overall workshop series was well
This module was quite important because workshop series was able to fill the gap between technologies we use and the technologies used in Industries. But it would be more effective if there was a connection, some sort of synchronization between those workshops.
A very good course for cse students. I think this is helpful to go to industry. Industry too try their best. To do mini- project( for example networking), I think it is good to have a workshop with more knowledge. Some assignments are too enough. But many are ok with our weekly load.
It was a really good experience- learnt a lot about the technologies used in the industry. The assignments pushed me to learn on my own.
