Overall it can be considered as a good workshop. But it may become better if you could do the introduction more specifically about MySQL since most student do not have good idea about it
It was a useful session as we got lot of knowledge about databases.
The program was very helpful to get hands on many things have not even heard before on DB. Gave an idea about databases and how to handle them. Speed was also fair; was not hard to catch up.
Workshop was very informative and helpful. We learnt a lot from it. Thanks much;
The session was nice. Gained a lot from that. Never done MySQL before, but now I have a head start to continue working on that. Thank you.P. S .- Was kind of hoping you guys would give away cake: p
Workshop was really good and helpful. It was contained main point we should look at when learning MySQL. It was a good start to begin the learning.
The session was great. As a student who didn't had any experience before using MySQL I learnt a lot. And it was clear as well. It would have been better if you introduced some of the Ideas used or how you use MySQL in actual scenarios. Thank you for a great session.
It took some time for us to look at the slides and type the code. It will be better if you can send the relevant coding examples earlier, so that we can come prepared to test them and this will save time for the lecture. Other than that, everything was so excellent. Please extend our thanks to Company_y Team!
workshop was good. It is helpful if all codes and notes given to us because when we doing the tasks we can be dismiss some parts.
it was good and we learnt a lot about MySQL since we are beginners.
Excellent.
The workshop was very useful but it would better if we had a 5- 8 minutes break as the workshop was 3 hours long.
It was a very nice and useful workshop. A huge range in MySQL is covered in just three and half hours.
It gave good introduction for MySQL
It was a good workshop. I learnt a lot of things that I didn't know about databases and MySQL server. Thank you Company_y!
it was very useful and if possible please conduct another workshop for us so that we can learn the rest of the MySQL content.
it is very useful. I really appreciate it. Do come again for another workshop( bring t- shirts too: P).
The workshop was really helpful. I had learned MySQL 2 years ago but I couldn't remember much because I didn't get a chance to practice them. But from this workshop I was able to memorize those once again. Good work and keep doing these for students like us
Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL. But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn't understand because that part was done at high speed. I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL. If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop.
Workshop is good. Presenter could explain very well. But his speed is not reasonable. We may missed some important facts which he had explain, since while we are testing getting stuck he used to explain.
great workshop! I learned lot of things related to the MySQL. you are done great workshop in 3 hours with us.
The session on MySQL was effective. I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me. The resource person from Company_y was clear and audible. It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL. Thank you!
all the basic things that we have to know were clearly explained. Even the students who know nothing about MySQL had a chance to learn. Session was not boring because the presenter was able to keep eye on every students.
It was actually good. We could actually learn what can be done with MySQL. It will be much useful if related videos' links can be given before the sessions.
Today's workshop was well planned. Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples. I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too.
The workshop was a certain success. We gained a lot of perspective about MySQL. However, I would recommend giving more exercises and examples like connecting PHP with MySQL etc.
actually great. I had no idea what SQL was and now I think I have a basic understanding about how to work with it. Thank you guys!
if the session had more time it will be more valuable.
It was really helpful for me.
Today's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL. The lecture was audible and clear. Presentation was very good and clear. But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time. Workshop made me interesting of MySQL. Finally I thank Company_y for doing such a valuable workshop.
The workshop was very useful as it crash- coursed us through SQL basics. The slides were clear, examples easy and informative. The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer. We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL. Can be recommended as good overall.
It was better and more supportive than the previous one.
this workshop was so nice. I learnt lot from it. It motivated me to learn. But I feel some difficulties as it was to fast.
The session is very useful to get a head start to MYSQL. Session was well planned. It is very clear and audible. I am highly appreciate this session and really thankful to you.
Workshop was quite helpful. Learnt a lot of new things. Presenter was audible and encouraging. The facts were organized nice and clear. Actually, In my view No one can do better than this. Thank you!
It gave a nice start to learn MySQL and all the guys helped us throughout the entire session. It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this.
MySQL workshop was really good learning the basics, but it is better if they can provide us some additional recommended resources( websites etc .).
It is better if the speed of the lecture is reduced. Workshop was useful for us.
I didn't have any prior knowledge about MySQL before this session. But I can get started to work with MySQL as you provided the perfect foundation.
It was very helpful and they did their best in the workshop. They were able to give us a very clear idea about MySQL.
It was interesting and learnt many thing that I didn't know before. Thank you
As a person who had no knowledge about MySQL before, I would like to say the session gave me a very good introduction about MySQL. I understood the importance of learning it and now I'm going to try my best to master it. Good job Company_y:)
Overall session was good. Discussed topic were important. Better if the session was accommodated with a simple but complete coding activity.
Lecturing style was excellent but it will be easy for us if we can get the lecture slides beforehand .( at least before a day). By doing that lecturer can speed up the lecture and allocate more time for our questions. It will be appreciated if we can have another session based on the advanced concepts of MySQL.
Session was good. Presenter clearly explained everything from the beginning.
Nice workshop! Very well done! Learnt lot of new things. Thank You.
Company_y did a great job.
Good job!:)
Workshop was great. More practical examples will be great.
It wasn't that much useful. I didn't grab anything correctly
It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to. It was well structured and clearly explained everything. But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL. Somehow the quiz was a mess. The quiz wasn't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues.
GOOD
Thank you for giving us a good start to MySQL. it was actually interesting and productive session
I think this workshop was very crucial as we could study. I could get knowledge about MySQL.
The workshop was really helpful. And it's better if it could take more time exposure more about MySQL.
It was a interesting workshop. I have started to get a basic idea about MySQL. You are a good teacher. Keep up the good work!
more useful workshop than previous one. Taught really well. It`s better if we can have another session from Company_y.
This workshop was better compared to c plus plus workshop. We understood the basic things.
It was really good. I did not know MySQL before that. You really did a good job in teaching us. It was clear and audible enough. Thank you so much.
I learnt lots of thing at this workshop. Thank you so much ayya.
Very good workshop. It is really good teaching from very beginning and going to advanced topics. In the middle of the workshop it become little too fast to catch up.
The workshop was very useful for me and it was more interesting. Thank you for Company_y and our academic staff
The workshop was very useful and well planned. It was clear and audible. We are grateful about doing a session like this. It is better if more time is allocated for the workshop.
It was a very useful workshop. I didn't know anything about MYSQL before. But I got the basic knowledge from your workshop. I would like to appreciate the way you have done the workshop. I think all of us were able to understand. It is better if we could have another session.
It was useful to know about database program. We are able to get an Introduction about MYSQL. Thanks to coordinate that workshop.
Very useful lecture for very beginners like me. Really appreciate. This lecture motivates me to learn MySQL more. Apart from that, I would like to suggest you to give us the instructions to install MySQL before the lecture in details. Because it is not that simple to install MySQL into different os. Having links to download the soft is not enough. As an example, the latest version of MySQL for windows is very difficult to install properly as it asked to lot of things to choose and it leads us to issues. Thanks.
The workshop was very good. The speaker was clear and audible. And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes. Thank you.
thank you very much. The flow of the workshop was easy to grasp as the everything was explained from basics and we had the chance to test by ourselves, but it would have been better if we had more time for the workshop and if we can discuss more practical issues.
The workshop was really useful to us. It is better if you can use larger letters in the presentations so that even the students seated in the back can see them very well .( Today even if I was willing to be seated in the front there was no space). I am grateful if you could organize another MySQL session.
