Workshop was nicely done. Learnt a lot of things. I do not feel that there were errors to point out. Thank you!
The workshop was good. They were well organized and taught us in a very clear manner. I understood almost all the things they taught. Thank you!
Workshop was perfect. This was the best one of the workshop series.
The workshop done on git was good.
The session was great. Learnt basics of GIT, And this will surely become handy in our OOSD semester project. Thanks a lot Company_y for all the great sessions.
it was excellent! learnt many new things!. thank you Company_y!
It was really good. It would have been better if you could explain how the version control is done in detail.
this workshop was conducted really well. I gained something new. thanks
good keep it up.
It was a very useful session that we could get some idea about Git
the session was well organized and it was easy to understand. thanks
The workshop flow was very good. The facilitators did the workshop in a very good pace. Job well done!
Workshop was really good and it was a good opportunity to get some idea about github. Thank you for your great help for us.
It was really helpful
This session will be helpful for our project. Thank you all.
Workshop was really useful and interesting. Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git. The two lectures were audible and clear about git. But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough.
I think if you could give some real world applications, examples it may be very useful,.
the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure. Many was confused with directory structures. PS:. please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays.
Today's workshop was great. The resource persons taught the learning materials very clearly. We hope that they would continue this for upcoming years too. We are really thankful about today's GIT session.
Was an interesting and helpful presentation. Learnt a lot from the workshop
Great session. Actually we learnt lot of things about Git and how to use it to version controlling. This session help me to get a strong base to learn version controlling. Thanks. Really appreciate.
It was really nice workshop. Almost all the fundamentals were discussed in such a way that we can grab maximum of that.
It was well structured workshop. I found it very useful.
You guys were awesome!
The session was fine. But couldn't catch up with the lecturer after cloning the repository from github. Think it's my fault.
I learnt lots of things from the workshop. thanks.
Really good workshop. Learnt a lot. Thank you very much.
The session was very useful to get understand about git concept. I have learnt a lot of things. The session was well planned and clear. Thank you
The session today was really helpful. I learnt many new things from this session. The way they presented helped me to easily grasp the concepts of the today's session. Thank you very much for giving us this valuable opportunity.
I learnt a lot of things about git!. A good workshop
the workshop was very useful to me. Again thank you to Company_y.
Though the introduction part was little boring, rest of the workshop was well organized. It gave us a valuable knowledge. It would be better if you could conduct your workshop next year for our junior batch as well.
This is one of the most important lessons I've ever had. I've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it. Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control. Now I'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients. I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 'rebase' and 'merge'. Please thank Company_y on behalf of me .:)
it was great and m gonna use it for my projects.
git was totally new thing to me. It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git. Hope this would help in OOSD project. The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day. Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy.
It was a good workshop. Their speed is pretty good for understand. Presenter could explain every and each point very well and in attractive manner.
Workshop was really great and we learned a lot about using git. It was a great help that Company_y provided us with.
Interesting and very useful session. Thank you.
Good but it's little fast
It is better if it is done more descriptively.
