I really liked the series of lectures on OOP. It made me realize a whole new method to approach a programming problem. The lectures were quite clear and interesting. The lecture series can be considered as a good one. All the lectures were done clearly. Lectures were audible enough and all necessary materials were given. And it is not a difficult to dealt with the lecturer. It would be better if more real examples were discussed in the class. It is very easy to understand concepts through real life examples. If more examples with answers were given in the class, we could understand the concepts better. The series of lectures can be considered, as good. I understood the basics of OOP although there are some unclear points with concurrency probably due to its nature and lack of experience. I think the interactive exercises were good but our participation in them were not satisfactory. I liked the subject well since it was one of my personal favorites and due to relatively less workload. It will be more effective if the slides are more descriptive. I think it more effective before teaching OOP concepts teach some java programming. The workload during the semester was reasonable. Madam promote us for self studying. I think it's better discuss more questions during the lecture. So it help us to understand the theory very easily. It would be more great if more real world examples on concurrency will be discussed in the class. It was quite interesting There is nothing bad to say about this module. But it is better if we had a chance to learn more about java language before learning OOP concepts. Thank you. Lecture series can recommended as good and productive. But it is good if the lecturer can provide more examples, provide the lecturers version of answer to the in classes. Mostly encourages self studying but still I prefer if the lecturer taught more about fundamentals of programming in JAVA. Because most of us started at 0 JAVA knowledge. This semester project was the first JAVA project I did. Even though I succeed in to some extend to learn JAVA myself I saw many of my colleges were struggling to do their project. Most of us were only concerning about the project that made us to skip learning the most important fundamentals. Still I liked the teaching techniques because it was really fun and challenging to do the self studies and finally make our own software with a GUI. I would like if the lecture could give a individual feedback about our semester projects which could really help us to improve our programming techniques. Thank you madam. It is better if lecture slides could included more details. Lecture series was well organized. I suggest to discuss more examples in the class 1. Lecturing method is interesting. 2. It is good if slides are more detailed. 3. Final lectures were little bit fast. The lecture series can be commented as very good. In class activities helped me to do my best. It would be useful if there were more examples on particular theory parts. It was a good course. Clear and straightforward. The in class activities were good but we were always in a doubt about our solutions to the in class activities. But the lecturer did her best to explain the good and the bad aspects of the solutions of random students. So it was actually our fault not to clarify doubts early. For in class exercises, sample answers would have been given. Dear Madam,. I admire your kindness. It leads us to ask questions and to clarify things. It is good to give those in class type scenarios to be discussed among groups. Sometimes I felt that it is better if you can explain the basics concepts furthermore. For me this semester was very difficult to manage my work. As I haven't done programming before, I felt difficult to catch up things. It is better to discuss examples regarding the content which would be done on the particular day. The overall course was good. Thank you. The speed of the concepts like concurrency was a bit high. Otherwise was really good and understandable. Good. Interesting and more practical cases. You try to work out them by ourselves. It was very useful and helpful. More examples may be more valuable. I would be better if the concepts were explained more clearly with details and examples. The in- class exercises given were good. according to my view the discussions did not give a clear final answer. More questions on practical problems would have been great. Since we all are new to OOP, if we could have at least a weeks time to discuss a paper and get an answer scheme, that would give us a general idea on how to tackle oop questions. Overall the lecture was good and understandable. 1. Some topics that discussed in class are too fast( eg: UML,). 2. The problems related to OOP concepts that discussed in the class are not enough. 3. Semester project evaluation criteria should be given first, because we are unable to carry out how our project should be. Therefore finally we had to do lot of work. It was quite nice learning OOP Lecture series was really good. It will be more effective if there were more examples on relevant theory parts. Specially examples from java language. In class activities were good. It will be more valuable if we can get a model answer after doing it. Lectures were excellent. More details in the slides is highly appreciated. Positive. 1. Good interaction with students. 2. Short Point slideshows. 3. Very Good for a student who know at least some concepts. Of oop. Negative. 1. Very hard for a student who has a bad knowledge about the subject. 2. Examples are not enough .( especially in Threads. No proper examples for thread interuptions etc .) Nothing bad to point out. The slides were clear and understandable. I usually sit on the last few rows and still I could see the slides well and hear the lectures loudly. I think that it would be better if model answers were given to us for the questions you gave us( like for the questions in group activities). No need to discuss them in lecture time. At least upload the model answers to the moodle so that later, we can go through them. Subject was interesting and it was done in a very good manner by madam. It's better if would have given more real world examples The lecture slides were well structured. The lecturer motivated to ask questions. positive- It is very good to have group activities inside the class. negative- If we discuss more modeling type questions its better. we do not have much example to learn modeling Good Lecture Slides. Semester project gave us lot of knowledge. Especially about GUI and OOP concepts. Group Activities are helpful. It would be more understanding if you can do more examples in netbeans or eclipse while explaining theory. However, you succeded in giving OOP concepts using outer world examples. Good and clear English which is great, otherwise we would have to make a tokenizer before we actually process it. lecture slides are clear and quite understandable. Group discussions were good and were in fact effective according to my POV. I personally think that concurrency and threads needs a bit more explanation as we found it a a bit difficult to understand and many of our guys have quite different opinion on the same subject matter. Please DO NOT assign Mr. Sulakshana for lab sessions as he is pretty much useless for taking attendence and when it comes to the questions we face in the labs, all we get from him is"" answers. I have no personal issues with him but for the betterment of the next batch taking Mr. Sulakshan as the lab assistance won't do any good to them. Thank you madam. Really enjoyed your lectures and hope to learn OOSD next time. Lecture was good but little bit fast; did not have lot of time for both understanding and taking down notes. But the examples provided and the way those were explained was great. Personally OOP is a new concept for me.
It took more time to change ourselves to this new concept. I think OOP with java is very comfortable to learn those concepts. But there are some conflicts with threads still working on it. More practice is needed and it is good if we have at least two semester projects with OOP. miss, thank you for teaching us. One of the subject learned interestingly is oop, reason for that is your way of teaching. Because of not having in class test or quizzes we can learn without fear,. positive. 1. I like in class activity we have done. 2. You had given many more resources to reference. 3. Real life examples. No negative feedback* lecture series was very good .* explanations was clear well .* learned deep concepts of java, but some of them wasn't clear.
