There is no much time to read the whole chapters from the recommended book and study with work load we have. It's better to teach the design patterns from the beginning of the semester. It's somewhat difficult to learn them when all of them are taught in 2 days. The scenarios and the examples discussed in the class helped a lot to understand the concepts. It is a good way of teaching. We had huge workload. I propose to reduce workload little bit I really enjoyed this lecture series. Madam it will be very helpful if you can provide slides prepared by you for first 4 lectures. Because text book is very detailed and it's difficult to remind all the facts. If we have a slide set we can use it as a short note. Overall a good lecturer hope to see in upcoming semesters it's better if we could get the lecture slides The lectures were good and interesting. Thank you madam for the effort put forward in teaching us this subject. I think it's better project evaluations are more focus on business logic and discuss how to improve the quality of designing more. It was a good lecture series, But I think it will be better if we discuss about more practical application that use those methods. Lecturer had able to explain the subject well nothing Actually whole course were fine you are One of the best lecture in our department. Thank you madam. As I suggested in feedback for Principles of OOP module you gave us example solutions for the problems. They were really helpful. Lectures was good. Lecture series were good. And the workload were reasonable. Speed of some theory parts are high Overall compared to other courses I would like to say that this course is very good and well organized. Lecturer was good. And lecture series could be recommended as good. But it 's better if you can reduce the workload. Lecture was good. Apart from punctuality, there was no issue with the lecture. The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable. Workload is high Giving the group project to test and apply what we learnt was really great idea. Although the report writing part seemed annoying when doing it, when we began to study for the end examination it was really useful. So I recommend the same things done to my junior batch and add more exercises if possible .:). I would really like if the all modules are like this module. Learning a lot of theory is useless if we don't. Know how to apply them. Since we have the chance to apply the knowledge of what we gained from lectures to the semester project it was a really good learning experience. We got a better understanding through the project by applying the concept we learn to develop our own software. For me, I find it is really interesting to learn concept by applying them to our work. So I can improve myself my programming with quality and best practices. Thank you madam for the effort you put throughout the semester. I learned many things all by myself. No comments Madam, If you can give more time( 45 min) to demo our final projects, it's good for student side. It is better to do some more exercises in design patterns during the class. But lecture was conducted in a good way. Lecture series helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in OOSD during the lesson. Projects and continuous assessments was helpful to identify my weaknesses. Overall the lectures were all good It will be better if we can discuss more problems in the class Sometimes I cannot understand what the lecturer told because of the speed of the lecture. Need more explanation using examples. . At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row, I think I have missed things, that you teach because of the distractions I worked with. I thought the book is too much. But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing, but day today examples that everyone can understand. Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly, Actually the passion you teach is very good, the examples that you took out from the industry, your working experience and the jokes that made( some jokes are beyond my limit). everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career. And the most important thing is madam your availability to us, Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you. Because we might not get problems during the lecture time. Every time after a mid exam, you have discussed the paper in next class. That is perfect. That helps to correct our mistakes, and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question. Because different people has different views to the same problem. So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems. Thank you madam, Lecturer could be recommended ad good I think the subject content is bit too large. Specially the book is not easy to read and memorize. Lecture series was conducted well. It's better if we could do more questions before the final exam. lecture series was good Lecture was good and motivated us to read the text- book and learn from it a lot Better if you can reduce the speed of teaching madam. For me it was difficult to understand the facts. Specially design patterns. i got useful knowledge from the lecture Examples are very good( especially for design patterns). You and Mrs. Lecturer_y did a great series of lectures. Thank you. You taught in the best way with oosd as I feel. Using everyday examples to emphasize theoretical points is appreciative as then we can easily grasp it. Overall lecture series is good. But i guess it would be better if the content is less and present it in more attractive way The lecture series was well structured and organized. there is no need to have all practical days for his semester. and it is good to use text book for this semester. Lecture series could be recommended as very good. It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept. lecture series was good. After the Group project, we learnt much more things about the subject. no Good The lecturer was really kind and soft. Speed of the lecture was rather high. It will be helpful if more examples were discussed in the class. its good Actually this was a good lecture series Design pattern explanations were clear and the examples were great! If that kind of approach was taken to the other lectures also, then it would have been easier to understand them. The lecture series was good and well taught. Better if the work load( Syllabus) was less. It was very hard to manage such a work load with other subjects. Overall good. But this was a very hectic semester, not to blame but to say the sorrow. Thanks. One of the great lecturer I met in my life. Thank you for your support and kind advises. Please do some more different examples. This lecter series can be recommond as better than OOP. More than Oop lecture OOSD lectr did encoraged me to study. Even last raw people were praised for good ideas. It is better if you can give more practical exercises for every sections. Like we did in Flexi Taxi example It is was a good lecture series. There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture( OOP). The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained. But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes .( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus). The latter part of the lecture series is the best part .( design pattern). Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture. More examples on design patterns would have been helpful The necessary examples provided was very useful to understand the concepts. If we had more time it would be better to take down necessary notes. The lectures were really helpful. Thank you madam. I enjoyed the lecture series. lecture series was quite good/Lecture series was very organized. Lecture topics was discussed clearly and understandably.
We learned an important software development methodology out of this course and Group project was also a new experience .- good It is better if there are more examples on relevant theory parts using any language like java. For design pattern lesson add more example in real world discus or give answers for that It is better if design pattern practice labs were held. It was a nice series of lectures. Thanks madam .:-) Good lecture series. Really good slides also. The lecture series was good The lecture series was in general good. I personally found it hard to read one whole chapter every week. For operating systems also we have a chapter to read and I know it is not an excuse. But it was my experience that I found it a bit hard. Few more examples would be great.
