Overall content is pretty good. Lectures were comprehensive. It would have been better if more tutorial classes were arranged. All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class. The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom. Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course. We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom. So we were able to finish the course successfully. The lecture is clear and understandable. But the person who know nothing in java could trouble at start. So If he tutorial class is conducted from the beginning it would be better. It's pleasure studying in your lecture. Thank you. Lectures were good enough to understand. Explanations were good. Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too. Lecture slides were easy to understand. Tutorial class is very useful to me. Past paper and examples help to understand theory. Overall this course is good to me. The best thing I saw is that we could ask questions during the class and clear out our problems. Tutorial classes was much helpful. Very well prepared All the lectures were well organized and great. Examples and homework questions are good and motivating. Dear Madam,. You taught well throughout the semester 2. Thank you for initializing tutorial class and doing extra questions. By doing questions as assessments within the class we can keep our memory regarding subject easily. Lectures was well structured to target the necessary theory parts. It helps to understand easily. Well describe the theories at the lectures. Specially tutorial classes helps to understand the facts through the problems. I think tutorials will help to the end exam also. I think it is better to continue these ways to this module in future also and wish to do so in future. Thanks for thinking from our side always. It is a big help to have project evaluation after the exam I'm really appreciate your dedications to teach this module from the start of this semester. Also we gained a great improvements through the tutorial classes. And I don't have any complaints regarding this module. Thank you. It was overall a great series of lectures. We were able to learn a lot of new things. Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples. It helped us a lot. We expect Lecturer_x to take the whole lectures. The lecturer is very friendly and very enthusiastic to answer question. She put extra classes in order to help us to understand things more clearly. Pleasure to have a such lecturer. Lecture series is sufficient for get understand about OOP principles. Basic concepts you taught are good. But thread and observer observable design is not good enough like those. I think it will good if we are given more code example with sufficient description for make understand the coding practice. More examples should have been done on threads to explain the whole section. The explanations given in other sections were sufficient. The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series. Madam, you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us. It's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions. Actually course was really good and well planned. Tutorial classes were really beneficial and if motivated to do past papers. Thank you! Lectures were interesting. Was able to understand the basics of OOP. suggestion- a way to cover basic java for students who don't know java. Thanks .:) Course was great. Work load is acceptable. Continuous assessment tested my abilities well. I got Madam Lecturer_x for my mid evaluation. Although I got low marks, it helped me to improve my ability, understanding my mistakes. Extra classes were very helpful. Semester project was really helpful to understand the practical use of OOP concepts. Since there was no GUI included, there were no confusions. Out of three OOP projects I have done this one was the most helpful and the most clear. I am so glad I took this subject this semester, because I think I obtained. a good knowledge on OOP as well as JAVA. I am really glad since I was able to complete the project on my own and I am very confident now because of that. Looking forward to OOSD course. Dear madam, thank you very much for your support. Lectures and tutorial class were very useful to improve our knowladge on object oriented concepts. Your lectures were very good and also the tutorial was help us to write answers The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes. the tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions. wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning. teaching approaches are good. but this subject is very hard to me. I don't know that how do i work with it. I have interest in this subject. we want tutorial also. thank you. Overall learning outcome is satisfactory. Well structered lectures. But we want some more code practice. conducted lectures were well managed and understandable. I have learned valuable educational things. Thank u. Course is very useful. Helped to gain the knowledge from the basic concepts. This module was well organized and helped us to learn opp concepts very clearly. Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions, moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes. I have a good impression about how the course is conducted. The lectures were well structured and informative. The approaches to instill the concepts in us were really good. The viva for the mid- evaluation was a good experience. The lectures and examples done were clear. Applying threads is confusing. More examples on threads would have been better. good. Tutorial classes were helped us to get more knowledge about this module. Lectures and tutorial class is very good and very helpful. It will be a really good help if tutorial class conducts tommorow great. more examples will be more helpful Providing better understanding of objected oriented programming. Able to make better structured programs. Helps to improve coding quality. Additional class to do more coding helped us a lot. I think that time should be more than 1 hour. If not it would be better at least if you could post sample answers for few problems like that so we could check answers ourselves and correct our faults. However I think the lecture series went well. Thank you .! Good. Better if more descriptive sample codes are given and explained. Tutorials were really helpful. Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized. In class exercises were also useful to learn the module. Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies. I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically. I really liked the course. After the mid semester I found it difficult to code what had been taught( as I have no previous knowledge in coding in Java). Madam, I suggest it would have been better if you give more in class exercises with practical scenarios earlier rather than doing it at the end. The in class exercises help a lot in understanding the theory plus coding it. Need more additional excercise The course is really good. But I feel that it would be better if we can have a java class running parallel. The lecturers commitment can be clearly seen and should be appriciated. I think the lecture series was great. There is no much to change. Tutorial class was extremely helpful. I learned a lot from tutorial class.
Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam. It was a great pleasure learning from you. Tutorial is good to develop answering to papers. Give lab not only for semi project bt some exercises especially in thread and event handling. Give some sample coding to fill. And give a startup cls in the beginning apart from oop for java language We got more advantages from the tutorial classes. But I think the Lab sessions were not used efficiently. If every lab session had a submission of semester project it could be useful. Lectures are well structured, so we can. Catch points of the lesson easily. But sometimes teaching speed was very high. But overall lecturing pattern was satisfactory. Tutorial classes helped me to understand the lessons properly, with the examples. Course was good. Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it. Tutorial classes were very helpful. Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides. Madam,. Lecture Explanations are very good and enough, Can you explain about the semi exam paper model? We want a coding exercise. Introducing tutorials was great .:-). I really participated in each and every tutorial and participated all of the lectures because lecture series were so efficient and interesting. Madame I think it would have been better if regular tasks were given in the labs instead of carrying a single project throughout the semester. Great. Could improve by adding by adding debugging methods as a subject section. Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples. Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP. The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes. The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject friendly lecturer. Help us in any question. Overall teaching can be recommended as good. But practicals are not well organized Tutorial classed in which we discussed past exam papers and model questions were really helpful. I learnt a lot of things during the lecture series and also lecture slides were very useful. I sincerely grateful about the tutorial also. Tutorials which conducted by you were very helpful. So we had a proper idea how to answer questions in the paper and got a wide and clear idea about the subject matter while answering the practical related questions. It is difficult to understand threads and event handling. The course was done in a proper manner. Tutorials are useful. I was able to understand the fundamentals of OOP. Very good lecture series. Madam could you please upload the 2014 OOP exam paper.
