They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique. It will be very useful in future. But the later part they done( apache maven) was not clear. I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven. Overall I think they did a good job. It was helpful to gain a basic idea about unit testing and other tools. But last part of the session was little bit confusing to understand .( about Maven) The session was not as good as the last week's session. The delivery of content was too fast and the presenter must have thought we already know most of the things which has been presented in the session. It would have been more effective if the session was delivered a little bit slower so the audience can gasp the full content of the workshop Couldn't understand the latter part of the lecture. It's better if you can conduct the lectures slowly in next sessions. Workshop was good. But if the content was bit more detailed, it would have been better. The IDE part was good. But the other part was not clear as it was totally new area for me. So it is good if you can explain it in more detail manner starting from the things most of us know. The workshop was helpful. But it would've been better if they started the workshop by giving a basic introduction of how to use the tool. It was use full. But I was unable to catch the content well. The workshop was not that much felt Actually the workshop was interesting but I think the Build tools part and continuous integration part was bit unclear. I got some knowledge about Maven. But it was too fast. Thank you for your kind guidance. It is very helpful to get to know about them. But I did not understand some. Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear. I think it's because I'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told. So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture. So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand( step by step). Since most of us do not know those tools before hand, give us enough time to try them in our own( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned). I am really thankful to you, for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us. Keep up your good work. Thank you again. It has been a useful session. No doubt about that. But I hope it could be much better if the relevant java files provided or part of the file is given. So we could change and do necessary modifications to that and learn through it. I never knew how to use build tools like maven. But now I know about it into some extent. Thank you its was useful. the last lecture was too fast, couldn't keep up with it. So please slow down next time. Overall great session. Thanks. good. Unit testing part was clear but I didn't understand anything about maven Workshop was OK. The problem was with the speed. Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace. To make the matter worst, we didn't had the chance to use maven .( Because of some wifi problem) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn. To me, the problem was that I didn't even had any idea about the things you taught. So it took time to get the things into the head. That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast. Thank you very much. This workshop is fine. But the last section was run very fast. I could not understand about 'maven'. But workshop is so good and be motivate for me. Before I didn't know any things about those things. But after your session I got lots of knowledge about maven, junit. This session is good Got some idea about maven and how to use IntelliJ. But it would be better if you can explain more about maven in detail. This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about IDEs, Junit, Maven and continuous integration. I was confused in some of the points that they describe since it is too fast. Sometimes it hardly audible!. However I learnt a lot of things from this workshop. Session was good. Voice was clear to understand. Presenters did their best to give us knowledge. workshop was very useful. we learnt a lot of things. More usefull Workshop. Thanks for Company_y and our academic staff. we got a basic idea of intellij idea. there were some places that I still have some doubts of. some how the instructors helped us a lot in many difficulties we faced with the IDE during the workshop. MySQL workshop was way better than this one. we gained almost nothing from this. it was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop. I hope this workshop will be better next year. It was good. But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough. If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better. Other than that it was good. Overall it was good. But i have an unclear picture about maven. Since almost all matters discussed were new, except for IDEs', they would have done a great job if more time was available. Reasons behind using dev tools were understood, but not their functions. This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them. Session was conducted wonderfully. I appreciate your commitment and dedication. Thank you for sharing your valuable time with us. However I have a suggestion. Today lot of students faced trouble in installing and using maven. Actually from that point onward we seemed to lost focus and intention. I think if you informed us that we need to do this and this steps even after installation to make the environment of the software ready for use, it would have been better. We can install and come with the several softwares you ask, but if we are not familiar with it previously, we do not know whether it need more attention or work. Thank you! I think it is very good to learn about programming tools. I learn lot of new things from that. Thank you for that As we are getting ready to work with the industry this workshop was very usefull. I got a very clear idea about the concepts More time should be allocated for this module. Workshop was ok. But they could've done better if there was more time. As a passionate Computer Science student, I found the session very interesting. Last part of the workshop was rushed through, so I failed in understanding some of the ideas they discussed. Otherwise, overall it was a good workshop. The session held today was interesting. I like the unit testing part of the session. The session about the building tools was not very clear. It is better if you can hold another session about building tools. Previous weeks' feedback was a mistake. I have submitted wrong feed back for wrong link. Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop. It is on of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series. Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks' workshop. I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided. I'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for" maven" during the workshop. I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop. Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies. Workshop was really good. Learnt a lot of new and useful things during the workshop. But since maven and junit were completely new topics for some of us I wish we had more time to be familiar with them. Thank you very much! it was usefull. but they did most of that part in sort time. so we can not understand much of than in a time It was conducted too fast.
Some students could not even configure the IDE I didn't have any knowledge about these tools like Maven before coming to the session. Now I know what are they and I will try some more to learn. Thank you very much for sharing knowledge with us. Compared to the previous workshops this was quite a failure. There were many problems the guest speakers could not address and it wasn't their fault either. It's nearly impossible to learn how to use professional tools in merely 3 hours. It's better not to hold this particular session for the next batch or break it into a few separate sessions and give more exposure to each topic. It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail. We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry- related knowledge. Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters. Finally, please extend our thanks for everyone involved! Somewhat difficult to understand the what actually maven is. If slowly do I think we could understand more than this. workshop is good but it's better if we have more time. Those lecture hours are very useful for our semester project and so on. Thank you please give a handout on examples which doing in workshop. We had problems when install that software. Most of things unclear in today workshop. Good workshop, but too much advance stuff. As we have no knowledge about how industrial things happen it was so hard to understand the workshop. The workshop was very helpful. Was not very good. At least we were not instructed properly to install the required tool and etc. Could have done better. Workshop is good. Time for this workshop should be increased. It was good but there were some unclear areas. As we already knew a bit about Ide's should have focused more on continuous integration. Should like to hear more about how version control, GIT and Jenkins work
