Lecture series is very good Both lecturers did a good job on delivering the subject matter efficiently. The class was not boring .- Best lecture in the semester. Throughout the whole semester our focus was on to complete the project on time. But only 40 percent of the module 's marks were allocated to the project. So I would like to suggest that allocate at least 50 percent of the marks to the project to satisfy the effort of the students. The only issue I found is that, more time should be allocated for the design patterns. Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand. Lecture was interesting none Lecture series structured very well Lectures were really great. In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt. Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing. Other than that, the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated. This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui. Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot. Except that the semester project was a great experience. As a whole the lecture series was good. Lecture series was very good. If we had more time to discuss coding examples, it would have been better to understand the usage of some concepts. Lectures were good. It would be helpful for us if you can provide printed lecture notes( slides). It would have been better if things like design patterns were taught before, so that we would have more time to try to use them in our project. This module is great because we get to implement what we learn and realize the value of them:) Overall lectures were good. But it would have been better if Design Patterns were taught as in the middle of the lecture series. Last three weeks wouldn't give us enough time to get our hands on design patterns. Lecture series was good White background slides are not much clear. As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario. So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better. Nothing to point- out as a weak point or area. Overall it was a good lecture series. I am highly appreciating this course. That was interesting Some lectures couldn't understand since it was conducted too fast Lecture series can be recommended as good. Lectures was well structured to gain the learning outcomes. But it would be better if there are more practical examples discussed in the class .- Project was a good experience. Module was done perfectly well. This was one of the best lectures I have sat so far. As just like oop in 2nd sem there was lot to learn, I think time and weight for documentation of the project is too much. Considerable amount should be given to implementation. Design patterns are some difficult to understand Syllabus and lecture series was good. It is better if the lecturer can upload the slides to the moodle before the lecture. Lecture series was good and well organized. none. Good lecture series. Overall course was good. I think all the lectures were very important and could understand the subject well. I think, if lecturer can take more time to teach design patterns than others, it will be good. Every lecture was well structured and detailed This is the only lecture which I never felt lazy to attend. Design pattern should be more discussed in lecture series. One of the good lecturer. Please don't change the lecturer in future .- Explanation of the lesson is very good. Expecting more practical examples on design pattern Everything is good. Need more Worked examples The lecture series was good but the semester project was really tough. It would be great have more attention to the projects since we have no idea at the begin how to start implement. I think it would better to do lectures little bit more slowly as some facts in design patterns are hard to understand Need more time for semester project. Some explanations were really hard to understand, but some students could. It would be better if the explanations were clear and simple enough such that even the student who are weak at the subject also get a chance to understand. Excellent. On the whole, the lecture series could be recommended as good The module was well structured. But with other modules we had tough time in managing the project. It was a tough semester Useful lecture series- thanks sometime time its not clear what u are explaning. Because of the semester project we got hands on experience about how a real information system is implemented Madam teached well. It would be better if more questions were discussed Very well structured It would have been better if design patterns part was started bit earlier. It is better if the presentation slides are provided before the lecture. Then we can study it before coming to the lecture. Lectures were really good .- Increase the time allocated for design patterns because they are vital important. The best lecture series in the semester. Better if you can slow down the speed of the lectures. Design pattern lecture was not given much time. Also examples and applications are not enough. Duration for the OOSD semester project should extend to the 4th semester as in ICE stream. Because it will help students to come up with better product. Impressed about what we were taught and the way we were taught. It is better if you can give the example codes that were discussed in the class to understand concepts clearly. the overall lecture series was good The lecturer gave enough time to understand things and repeated as necessary. Highly appreciate that. It would be better if some more relevant examples discussed in the class related to design patterns. No comments. Group project helped us to understand the concepts clearly. Expecting more exercises and working examples similar to exam questions and practical things.
