It was good. But at the end we got lost in the workshop. Maybe it is because it was conducted fast in the end of the chosen part was too much since most of students are new to c plus plus It was a very good workshop. It convince me that how important is C plus plus. The two lecturers was well prepared. Finally I thank MIT for doing such a valuable workshop and I request for another workshop on C plus plus on how C plus plus helps in OOP concepts. This is a good workshop for me to improve my knowledge in c plus plus. well structured. Learned a lot. Thanks to everyone who did a great job at the workshop. It has been a nice workshop. We are really motivated to study cpp further. But as I feel it went through a rush so that I feel that so much important points are missed. My suggestion is that more time should be allocated than today. It was very use full session to us. We got more basic concepts and some advance thinking about c plus plus. thank you so much Overall useful lecture session. Distributing gifts led me to keep in focus on lecture and helped me to gain lot more out of the lecture. As suggestions, it is much more useful, if speed of lecturing is slower than this. Especially when teaching places like classes and objects. I think you guys missed out to mention how to create an object from the class that we declared. That task may be basic thing. But when I tried to do your assignment, the first thing that I have to find is, how can create an object in C plus plus. However this lecture motivates me to learn c plus plus. I am looking forward to have such useful lectures more. How to create a class. O Access modifiers. O Way of writing constructor. O Way of declaring method. How to create an object from declared class( ways). How to work with reference in C plus plus( I'm still confusing about references and pointers. Are they same or not and how can they use in c plus plus?). What is the meaning of symbols such as*,&,- >. Overloading an operator. In my point of view above are a list of fundamental things that we need to know when we are starting to learn c plus plus. Hence if you can teach them more clearly and in slow speed which everyone can be able to understand, we are much obliged to you for that. Thanks. it's better if you could give us more time to upload the assignment. If you could allocate more time for the session it is highly appreciable. it was really good. The first part is good, learned a few memory tricks. but then the 'magic of c plus plus ' part started and it was all about how c plus plus has magic stuff. like why would an absolute beginner would be interested in a hardly ever used cast like reinterpret_cast?. could have shown what a memory leak actually looks like and it would be really useful when one get a memory leak for the first time Workshop was good and interesting. Some students weren't familiar with C plus plus. I think even they were motivated to find and learn more on C plus plus. Excellent work! It was good, but since I am new to C plus plus, within 3 hours it was hard to get a good idea on the language. But appreciate giving bags, since it motivated students to think and answer the questions. Session was good. But it would be better if it was focused more on basics. Most of us didn't even have a basic knowledge on c plus plus but this workshop started off from advanced topics and they tried to cover lot of areas very quickly. So we didn't understand most of it. The work shop was very useful for me. It motivated me to study c plus plus. thanks for Company_x and our staff. but we hoped that a T- shirt will be given for us. The workshop was good. Having a break in the middle helped a lot to relax as we are trying a new language. It will be better if we can do this in the labs as the seminar room has limited space for 125 students. I got a really good experience. It is very useful. good It was a great help for me to start things with c plus plus. thank you very much for the workshop. it was really awesome. but i think it could have been more interesting if you can extend the time allocated for the workshop so we can get to know more things. it's good, I think it would be great if the presenter could use the white board more to explain things so that we can understand the concepts well. overall it was a nice session. Good. But it was hard to follow the content as the software was not properly working in my computer. I wanted a bag so badly but I missed the chance:(. It was a quiet impressive way to motivate us .:). This was an interesting session which made us understand the power of C plus plus. Highly appreciate the effort by the presenters and the assignment was also enlightening. But a bit more time before the assignment would have made it even better. It was very good. Gained a lot of things including a back pack:) slides were clear, but the lecture was not clear. It would be better if you could conduct the lecture slowly in two sessions for the junior batch. The content was good. But I was unable to understand most of the things during the workshop as the syntax of the language is not familiar with me. It is better if you could explain the programs in much detailed manner. It was not possible to get all the stuff discussed in the class with in three hours It is better if the subjects contents were more descriptive. As a student who had a little knowledge about c plus plus, I learnt a lot of new things. And they were really interesting because most of the things you said are not even included in online tutorials. One drawback was that you should have informed us beforehand that you expect us to know the basic c plus plus things. For some of the guys, this was the first time programming in c plus plus. To them, it was some what difficult to grab at the pace you were going. In overall it was a great session and I enjoyed and learnt a lot. Hope to have more sessions from you guys in future. Thank you very much! it is good chance to learn other programming language rather than Java. I think it is not enough time to understanding c plus plus syntax and coding by my own while. After the session i used read further about c plus plus. So either we should get a very brief background before the work shop or in the work shop we should learn them step by step. It was a very interactive workshop and gave a good start to learn C plus plus. It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this in future. There was a chance to know about C plus plus. They motivated us to answer the questions. I like it very much. Overall It was very useful to us. Workshop helped me to get the basic idea on what are the industrial applications and also how important it is to know about various programming languages. The workshop would have been easier to catch up if they took some more time to explain things. Felt that they had to rush through. when it comes to coding it was bit difficult as I do not know the C plus plus. If lecturer's voice was bit clear than that it would have been better. but the lecture was useful for me to grow up my interest towards the language. Thank you for your great help. The workshop helped us gain knowledge but because that C plus plus is a complicated language( and also because of its related libraries), just in a few hours, we can't learn anything significant. Good introductive approach on C plus plus. But need more time to work on the language. If they provide more examples on each topics, it would be great. Say Operator overloading. It would be much appreciated if they could explain the concept with more examples of codes. The workshop was quite successful in its intentions. However, it would've been even better if the session was conducted for more than 3 hours. It was a good workshop. I get to know about a lot of things in C plus plus as for the first time. Thank you Company_x! Haven't learned c plus plus before. So it's a bit difficult to catch up with the things they taught:( But they sure did got me interested in learning c plus plus:) The workshop is good but It will be better if the stuff is described much more in detail. It was not that much useful.
Didn't grab anything correctly It was very useful as we got to know a lot about C plus plus. Before the workshop I basically thought Java is better than C plus plus in every aspect We could learn a lot from that session. It is better if another session can be arranged to learn some more about C plus plus In general, workshop was good. But programming part was not clear because lecturer's speaking style was hard to understand. I think it would be best if many basic questions are done during the lecture. It was good and helpful. It will be better if the speaker is audible enough because I found it hard to understand the second speaker sometimes. Thank you so much. You have taught us many things in just few hours. Overall, Company_x did a great job, but they were so hurry to cover up what they have planned to do. It was somewhat hard for most of our students to learn some concepts. So better to teach most important parts rather than trying to teach all the concepts in the slides. A good workshop. They tried hard to deliver their maximum. But the scope is too wide for a short time period like 3 hours. It was a good workshop but the assignment, in my opinion was not a fair one. As most of us were not familiar with C plus plus we had trouble familiarizing with it within one day( less than one day) in order to submit the assignment. 1. Giving gifts did really motivate us to ask or answer questions. 2. The time limitation made the speaker conduct the lecture at a faster speed than it was comfortable to us. 3. Since the pace of the lecture was a little too fast, we weren't able to completely understand some points. 4. In a week where we are bombarded with assignments and a competition for engineering skills development, having to submit the code within a few hours is I believe, too much of work. 5. This lecture could have been much helpful if the lecturer took at least 4 and a half hours instead of 3. It will be very useful if the most important sections that are going to be covered are informed before such that students can be ready for the workshop. It was helpful for me because, Until now I used only java for programming. But I now know C plus plus is far better than java. I will start learning C plus plus because you guys gave me the perfect foundation for that. Workshop is good if you can give slides before it we can study and come It was very hard to get a good understanding about c plus plus concepts as I am not familiar with this language. It was a good idea to present some gifts to the students those who answer for the questions as it motivated students. I really appreciate it. This workshop motivated us to learn c plus plus as well as other new language. Do come again with T- Shirt( for all);) It was hard to grab the words spoken by Mr. Presenter_x since his tone was not very clear. It will be better if we can do more exercises to study the tweaks of these languages in the future. Please extend our thanks to Company_x! The workshop is so good and very helpful. It motivates me to learn C plus plus. Session was good but I think C plus plus is relatively hard to grasp within a few hour session. Rather than discussing all the key elements of the language, it would be better if the session was focused on the primary key points of the language such as basic OOP implementations.
