Lectures were really good.
There were lot of people who came there without any Java knowledge and yet you were very supportive.
5/5 for me.
It's really good that the lecturer explains most of the concepts using examples.
It helps us to understand them better.
But if you are sitting at the back, you can't properly see what's on the board because the board is too small and the lecturer writes in small letters due to that.
On general lectures are understandable and good.
All the 7 lectures were clearly explained and had a good content also.
The way of described the oop concepts were understandable.
Practical examples that used to explain concepts and exercises which were done during the lecture time was really helped full.
Lecture slides were also good and useful.
I like your teaching style.
That is really helps us to understand the basic principles.
The lectures were well organized and detailed.
Great.
Examples and in class activities( writing programs) were very helpful.
lectures were well organized and easy to understand.
The first 7 lectures have been really good.
Teaching is very clear and precise
Surprisingly, the lectures were so friendly and the best thing is giving time to think for an answer in the lecture.
It helps us to understand course materials during the lecture .
:-)
I attended all the 7 lectures and I learned many things regarding basic OOP concepts specially things that I have not known as I followed some video tutorials before the beginning of the second semester.
But the feedback is uncompleted, if I forget to say that there were sometimes we could not understand.
ex: polymorphism.
However overall lecture session was great, well organized and very helpful.
Thank you very much madam.
The lectures were clear and easy to understand.
It is better if madam can do some more examples in the class.
lectures were pretty good.
Not too fast and not difficult to understand.
I learned lots of things.
I think the lecture series was very good and I learnt a lot not only OOP but also Java.
Practicing codes in the class really helped me to improve writing codes.
If you could do more examples in the class it would be even better.
It was very useful
I like your teaching style and you did everything very well.
Coding demonstrations are quite clear.
It would be better and helpful if more examples were used in the lecture slides.
One of the best lectures so far.
Very easy to understand because the teaching method is great.
When I came to the first lecture I didn't know anything about OOP but now I know something without even putting an extra effort.
Discussing a question using java everyday is very helpful to keep track of our mistakes and to improve ourselves.
Finally I take this time thank you, so thank you very much madam for your support.
In first time I do the java, the lectures help me to set a foundation for java.
I feel the lectures are help me a lot.
The lecturer's teaching method is so good.
She explained the lessons very well and asked questions in the class.
In my opinion, the lecture will be more effective for us if she explain the examples little slower.
They were well structured and I were able to learn fundamental concepts of oop.
I didn't know anything about java early but now I adequate to learn more and code in java since I got the basic principles of java.
I could understand the concepts well because of lecture slides and in class activities were well arranged as well as punctual.
Recap segment was also very useful and helpful to memories the previous lecture as well.
I came to cse without any knowledge of oop or java.
now I learn quite about oop.
Slides and in class test are good.
there were good explanations
I understood OOP concepts very well.
Lectures were so good.
I struggle a lot with my game because I am new to java.
I know you have no time to teach us java but it will be great if you can give some more advises related to the semester project in next lectures.
Thank you
It was very good.
It would have been better if the in class coding activities could've been done on computers rather than on paper.
The content were well organized.
Well taught the OOP concepts with examples.
In class exercises were perfect.
Homework given every day polished our knowledge.
The lecturer was punctual.
I was able to learn a lot of new things.
At the start of the semester, I had no idea about OOP and java.
But now I have some knowledge on them with the help of the lectures.
In class activities helped a lot to improve the knowledge.
Overall, the lectures were good.
feel good about the current way of teaching
the lecture series was quite good.
Very understandable.
Learnt a lot of things.
Need more practical exercises on the subject after teaching each theory/concept so we can understand them better.
Lecture series until now was really helpful to improve my knowledge about this subject.
I think it will really helpful if there are more examples were discussed during the lecture.
Teaches with good examples and easy to understand.
Thank you!
During last 7 weeks this module was my favorite and I really got big idea about oop concepts as well as java programming.
Asking question during the lecture was very helpful to us.
I am very happy if Madam continue this teaching style in rest of our semester.
Starting from the very first lecture, object oriented programming concepts were introduced using real life incidents.
So I could assure this lecture series would be more interesting to study.
Had a good interaction with students and encouraged students to ask questions.
In class activities were useful to understand the programming concepts.
As a suggestion, it will be a good idea if the department gives a brief idea about OOP in the semester 1 field familiarization program.
So the students who are willing to come to CSE department can practice on some programming languages before coming to the department.
Lectures are very clear and helpful to understand oop basic principles.
Lecture slides are well arranged and adequate examples are discussed during the lecture.
Semester project is a very good opportunity to develop our coding skills.
Madam, If you can discuss more examples at the lecture, it will be very useful.
According my opinion, I'm ok with the teaching style.
The lecture series were very useful to me In understanding the basic OOP concepts.
great!
:-)
I like your way of teaching and functionality.
It is very useful.
Actually lectures were clear for me.
If you can describe the concepts using practical scenarios, I think it will be more helpful for us to understand.
Overall lectures were fine.
satisfactory.
Lecture slides and examples were well organized and easy to understand.
Explain the sample codes a little bit slow.
Good
lectures were very useful for understanding the OOP.
Dear madam, I don't have any complaints against you.
You always motivate us to working on this subject and ask questions.
Thank You for being a good lecturer.
At the start some of us struggled to pick up in the class because we didn't study java then.
I think it wasn't a fault of lecturer.
Other than that there were no problems
I really appreciate the teaching style of the lecturer.
Keeping interactions with students, asking questions, giving in class activities and discussing them within the class were greatly helpful for me to develop my oop skills.
As well it is very easy to concentrate on the lesson throughout the class because of the interesting way of teaching.
Your teaching style helped me to understand basic principles of OOP concepts.
I think you taught that very well.
Learning environment was good.
It would be better if you can explain the principles by counter examples .
( by using code parts) Overall the class was good and interesting.
Making us construct codes in the class was good as we could check to how much extent we had learnt the concepts properly.
Concepts were taught well.
If more examples could be explained for each section it would have been better.
you are teaching very well madam I almost understood everything what you have been teaching in previous 7 lectures.
got the ideas of the topics discussed.
well managed lectures.
Explain well.
Used real world examples.
Had a good contact with students during the lecture and gave opportunity to ask any questions regarding to the lesson.
I really liked the way the subject had been taught.
The examples helped a lot in understanding the concepts.
Everything about the teaching suits me.
I couldn't find anything that requires alteration.
Honestly last seven lectures are good.
Lectures are understandable.
Lecture slides are very useful to self- study also.
The given opportunity to ask questions from the lecturer is appreciative.
Good:).
please do recap at class starting it's better for us.
Sometimes teaching speed is very high.
Thanks!:).
The lectures are good.
But a bit speed.
A in class working activity is a must one.
So please take another hour in Thursdays madame.
We can hear your voice clearly and can understand the things you teach.
Presentation slides also good source to refer.
Lf you can do more example questions within the classroom and it will help us to understand the principles well.
Lectures was well structured and well organized.
It was easy to understand.
Lecture slides and labs were also well organized.
Lectures were good.
understandable.
The lecture slides were well organized and the examples done in the class helped a lot to learn this new language and also the principles of OOP.
Motivated to well.
Would have been better if we discussed more about the solutions of coding exercises.
I think I learned a lot from the codes you write in the board.
When I compare my codes with yours I can learn about my mistakes and good coding practices that I should follow.
Therefore I think it would be great if we can discuss more examples in the class.
madam explained the oop concepts clearly with examples.
Lectures were interesting.
We want more scenario examples and answers with explanations in future.
I satisfy about first 7 lectures.
That way of teaching is really good for coming lectures too.
lectures are very good.
Take good effort to make understand every student in the room.
Very helpful.
I was able to obtain a clear picture about OOP and its concepts.
lecture slides, explanations were very clear.
it's very good to letting ask questions and explain again with suitable examples.
sometimes, some codes on white board were unclear at the back.
Overall very good!.
The lectures were good and clear.
And they weren't too fast.
Writing code was somewhat confusing because I didn't know java before.
Actually teaching is very good and can understand easily the concepts by examples which are given in the class.
It will be more helpful if provide solved questions as well!.
thank you
good.
Lectures were well organized with presentations to back them up.
The in class examples helped to understand the subject matter in a more interactive way because Ms Surangika went around the class asking questions.
The lectures were quite clear.
But the projections on that white background were not sometimes clearly visible to the people in the back rows.
Ms. Surangika encouraged us to ask questions if there's any doubt and proceeded with the lectures in a more interactive manner.
The lecture slides were uploaded to the moodle every week.
And I think it would be much better if you could upload them on Sunday evening because then us the students will have time to go through the slides before coming to the lecture.
Your teaching style is very attractive.
If you can do more examples in the classroom, we can learn more things.
The lectures were good as they were constructed in an understandable manner.
But there is a slight issue.
Sometimes the writings on the board are not so clear as the board is too small.
You have to erase it and write the rest.
It may cause some ambiguity.
lectures were good.
Lectures were good!
Well structured!
Able to get clear understanding on the topic as lectures were gradually developed.
In my opinion the lectures were well constructed and recommended good.
Good.
The lecture slides were well prepared with appropriate examples.
I was able to understand the basic concepts well.
Overall content is pretty good.
Lectures were comprehensive.
It would have been better if more tutorial classes were arranged.
All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class.
The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom.
Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course.
We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom.
So we were able to finish the course successfully.
The lecture is clear and understandable.
But the person who know nothing in java could trouble at start.
So If he tutorial class is conducted from the beginning it would be better.
It's pleasure studying in your lecture.
Thank you.
Lectures were good enough to understand.
Explanations were good.
Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too.
Lecture slides were easy to understand.
Tutorial class is very useful to me.
Past paper and examples help to understand theory.
Overall this course is good to me.
The best thing I saw is that we could ask questions during the class and clear out our problems.
Tutorial classes was much helpful.
Very well prepared
All the lectures were well organized and great.
Examples and homework questions are good and motivating.
Dear Madam,.
You taught well throughout the semester 2.
Thank you for initializing tutorial class and doing extra questions.
By doing questions as assessments within the class we can keep our memory regarding subject easily.
Lectures was well structured to target the necessary theory parts.
It helps to understand easily.
Well describe the theories at the lectures.
Specially tutorial classes helps to understand the facts through the problems.
I think tutorials will help to the end exam also.
I think it is better to continue these ways to this module in future also and wish to do so in future.
Thanks for thinking from our side always.
It is a big help to have project evaluation after the exam
I'm really appreciate your dedications to teach this module from the start of this semester.
Also we gained a great improvements through the tutorial classes.
And I don't have any complaints regarding this module.
Thank you.
It was overall a great series of lectures.
We were able to learn a lot of new things.
Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples.
It helped us a lot.
We expect Lecturer_x to take the whole lectures.
the lecturer is very friendly and very enthusiastic to answer question.
She put extra classes in order to help us to understand things more clearly.
Pleasure to have a such lecturer.
lecture series is sufficient for get understand about OOP principles.
Basic concepts you taught are good.
But thread and observer observable design is not good enough like those.
I think it will good if we are given more code example with sufficient description for make understand the coding practice.
More examples should have been done on threads to explain the whole section.
The explanations given in other sections were sufficient.
The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series.
Madam, you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us.
It's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions.
Actually course was really good and well planned.
Tutorial classes were really beneficial and if motivated to do past papers.
Thank you!
Lectures were interesting.
Was able to understand the basics of OOP.
suggestion- a way to cover basic java for students who don't know java.
Thanks .
:)
Course was great.
Work load is acceptable.
Continuous assessment tested my abilities well.
I got Madam Lecturer_x for my mid evaluation.
Although I got low marks, it helped me to improve my ability, understanding my mistakes.
Extra classes were very helpful.
Semester project was really helpful to understand the practical use of OOP concepts.
Since there was no GUI included, there were no confusions.
Out of three OOP projects I have done this one was the most helpful and the most clear.
I am so glad I took this subject this semester, because I think I obtained.
A good knowledge on OOP as well as JAVA.
I am really glad since I was able to complete the project on my own and I am very confident now because of that.
Looking forward to OSD course.
Dear madam, thank you very much for your support.
Lectures and tutorial class were very useful to improve our knowledge on object oriented concepts.
Your lectures were very good and also the tutorial was help us to write answers
The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes.
The tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions.
Wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning.
teaching approaches are good.
But this subject is very hard to me.
I don't know that how do I work with it.
I have interest in this subject.
We want tutorial also.
Thank you.
Overall learning outcome is satisfactory.
Well structured lectures.
But we want some more code practice.
conducted lectures were well managed and understandable.
I have learned valuable educational things.
Thank u.
Course is very useful.
Helped to gain the knowledge from the basic concepts.
This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly.
Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions, moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes.
I have a good impression about how the course is conducted.
The lectures were well structured and informative.
The approaches to instill the concepts in us were really good.
The viva for the mid- evaluation was a good experience.
The lectures and examples done were clear.
Applying threads is confusing.
More examples on threads would have been better.
good.
Tutorial classes were helped us to get more knowledge about this module.
Lectures and tutorial class is very good and very helpful.
It will be a really good help if tutorial class conducts tomorrow
great.
More examples will be more helpful
Providing better understanding of objected oriented programming.
Able to make better structured programs.
Helps to improve coding quality.
Additional class to do more coding helped us a lot.
I think that time should be more than 1 hour.
If not it would be better at least if you could post sample answers for few problems like that so we could check answers ourselves and correct our faults.
However I think the lecture series went well.
Thank you .!
Good.
Better if more descriptive sample codes are given and explained.
Tutorials were really helpful.
Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized.
In class exercises were also useful to learn the module.
Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies.
I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically.
I really liked the course.
After the mid semester I found it difficult to code what had been taught( as I have no previous knowledge in coding in Java).
Madam, I suggest it would have been better if you give more in class exercises with practical scenarios earlier rather than doing it at the end.
The in class exercises help a lot in understanding the theory plus coding it.
Need more additional exercise
The course is really good.
But I feel that it would be better if we can have a java class running parallel.
The lecturers commitment can be clearly seen and should be appreciated.
I think the lecture series was great.
There is no much to change.
Tutorial class was extremely helpful.
I learned a lot from tutorial class.
Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam.
It was a great pleasure learning from you.
Tutorial is good to develop answering to papers.
Give lab not only for semi project bt some exercises especially in thread and event handling.
Give some sample coding to fill.
And give a startup cls in the beginning apart from oop for java language
We got more advantages from the tutorial classes.
But I think the Lab sessions were not used efficiently.
If every lab session had a submission of semester project it could be useful.
Lectures are well structured, so we can.
Catch points of the lesson easily.
But sometimes teaching speed was very high.
But overall lecturing pattern was satisfactory.
Tutorial classes helped me to understand the lessons properly, with the examples.
Course was good.
Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it.
Tutorial classes were very helpful.
Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides.
Madam,.
Lecture Explanations are very good and enough, Can you explain about the semi exam paper model?
We want a coding exercise.
introducing tutorials was great .:-).
I really participated in each and every tutorial and participated all of the lectures because lecture series were so efficient and interesting.
Madame I think it would have been better if regular tasks were given in the labs instead of carrying a single project throughout the semester.
Great.
Could improve by adding by adding debugging methods as a subject section.
Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples.
Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP.
The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes.
The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject
friendly lecturer.
Help us in any question.
Overall teaching can be recommended as good.
But practicals are not well organized
Tutorial classed in which we discussed past exam papers and model questions were really helpful.
I learnt a lot of things during the lecture series and also lecture slides were very useful.
I sincerely grateful about the tutorial also.
Tutorials which conducted by you were very helpful.
So we had a proper idea how to answer questions in the paper and got a wide and clear idea about the subject matter while answering the practical related questions.
It is difficult to understand threads and event handling.
The course was done in a proper manner.
Tutorials are useful.
I was able to understand the fundamentals of OOP.
very good lecture series.
Madam could you please upload the 2014 OOP exam paper.
trying out more examples within the class would be more helpful
Different students have different potentials at the beginning of the semester.
Some have learnt basics before hand while some doesn't have a clue.
Why shouldn't we use the resources we have?.
I suggest to team up the class.
During the class I suggest to ask questions and develop a marking system.
If week ones are present in the group whole group will lose marks .
( Some questions should ask such that 100% for each correct member and 150% reduction for wrong member).
OOP and java is a vast area.
One cannot reach up to the maximum potential easily.
So sharing knowledge is better and I believe competition will make it easier.
Thank You!
Lecture series was good.
But it would be better if we have some more practical examples regarding the concepts.
Lecture series was good.
It would have been much better if we were taught about handling UI components.
Rather than focusing on object oriented principles, we have to pay much more attention to learn to deal with UI
I suggest if some tutorials regarding each lecture is provided, It would very helpful for us.
if you get some ideas from students, that will encourage them to self study
It is better if we can have more worked examples and tutorials
I started this module as a student who has no idea about OOP but Ma'am thanks to you now I have some idea on the subject.
While I'm really appreciating your efforts on teaching I have to tell the concurrency part which is covered by the other lecturer was not up to the standard you maintained:).
It would be better if the lectures were conducted using more practical side.
no comment
Though most of the students are kinds of experts in java, I'm just a beginner.
But I have learned the language quicker than I thought.
There are pros and cons regarding the semester project.
Thanks to the project I was motivated to learn Java quickly as well as in a well ordered manner( unlike python, I used to learn concepts in coding).
But meanwhile since it's my first( considerably long) code in java I know that I have made some errors and I've corrected them as much as I can( not all of them), knowing that I won't be doing the same error in my next program.
Apart from coding, everything else was just perfect!
Thanks:)
There should be a proper way to make students familiar with java.
At least if java can be taught in the first semester rather than python.
That would make easy for students to follow the course well.
Not Having enough knowledge about java put me in lot of troubles.
It's good we could have more learning on GUI building.
It will be easy to understand the demonstrations, if you can write the example code at the movement.
Then we will have enough time to get the idea of the code other than just take the code on the hard and explain it and run it.
Thanks.
Threads lesson is difficult to understand.
would be better to develop something more realistic and exciting than a swimming competition
More details should be included about databases.
Reasons for using OOP concepts was not clear at first.
Therefore it was difficult to grab the right idea about them.
It is better if the lecture series contained more practical examples and how the concepts are implemented.
well done.
2 lecturers are very helpful as well as the guest lecturer.
If this course can point out more practical examples it will be more helpful
More coding examples should be provided.
Content was reasonably adequate.
Little bit extra help in labs is much preferred.
the lecture series would be much more successful if more real world application questions of OOP concepts were discussed or given as homework for the students so that the students can get a thorough understanding of how to apply those concepts .
( questions similar to server application Router News)
Fine
- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week.
I don't always study.
In almost every lab, I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully.
That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture.
OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective.
I think it was my main reason( or at least my main not- motivation) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams.
Some websites confused some definitions.
Do some in- class UML class diagram.
Semester project was not easy to implement because at first I had no idea what was asking here.
It would have been better if that was something we had experienced before to code.
it will be much appreciate if the starting lectures goes little slower and detailed since majority of the students have no idea about oop.
It was difficult to pick it up and also drag us behind in other subjects too.
We must appreciate the effort taken by helping lecturer, since she did as good as possible to explain us the concepts.
But if all the lectures are conducted by Mrs. Lecturer_x, it will be much appreciated.
thank you .
:)
It is better if you upload example codes showed in class along with the lecture slides to the moodle.
having spot tests at the end of the lecture was a good way of seeing whether we learnt the concepts.
Things like MVC architecture could be taught before starting GUI implementation of programs
When trying to fulfill task of adding a database to our semester project I am feeling clueless.
If some knowledge about databases is given it is worth a lot.
We had a good lecture series which intended us that there is more than programming in this CS field.
Both lecturers taught well.
Giving a quiz at the end seems unfair since it is hard to learn the concepts just by a lecture before any practical usage.
OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project( Swimming Competition) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end.
But complex topics like Concurrency come, lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture.
We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits.
But that attempt was not so successful.
Lecturers did their best, we know!
But time allocated for the subject is not enough; or there must be something wrong in somewhere- else.
We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester.
But when we get the big picture, we were late!
For the project, we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks, so how can it measure our true learning?
It was a so tight schedule!
At the end of the semester, all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours.
We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series.
But now we see this as a race; not a true teaching- learning process.
Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self.
We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family.
But now we know it is just marketing.
We love learning these subjects; the truth is these are not hard for us.
But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better- understanding!
Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly.
If our department continues this way for future, you would one day make a stack- overflow generation; not a skilled and creative workforce!
My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively, then they will master in the subject.
Isn't it the ultimate purpose of both parties?
Please give us support to learn things properly first, we really want to learn, we have that passion for the subject!
Please make that environment at CSE!.
Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester!
We know you did a great job for us, although the module was so lengthy for this semester!.
Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow!
If the concepts can be explained using more coding examples that would be better.
I am satisfied about this lecture series and it helps me to improve my self studies.
I am glad if you can give some more practical problems.
It would be better to have multiple lab tasks related OOP than giving a whole project once.
It would be helpful to improve coding abilities and styles.
Rather than suggesting sequences of methods, you could let the student do a project as they wish.
Along with a viva or something it would be better, pointing their mistakes and advising them how to deal with them such issues.
Discussing the examples in the lectures was good, since we understood the concepts easily through that.
If more examples were done for every concept it would have been better.
The workload was a bit too much.
But the lecture series was good.
It would have been great if GUI implementations were discussed in the class.
it would be better if students are supplied with codes relevant to some of the programming concepts
It'll be better if we had an overall idea of what are the things to be included in the final phase of the project.
This is mainly because that sometimes we had to write the code all over again in parallel with the changing requirements.
In my point of view, having and mid semester exam would be better than having in- class tests each and everyday.
Both lecturers have done the lectures really well.
He was very pleasant and taught us very well.
I am highly appreciate this course
As a whole, the course is very good to me.
I think lecture series is too fast.
Should have expend more time with new topics like event handling
It helps me very much.
Lecture is so good
It was useful for to learn oop concept.
But I could not understand some subject.
Mainly I suggest if there would be some lectures about GUI and java it would be very useful for students like me.
And the lecture was fast.
Thank you.
The overall teaching of the subject is good
Sometimes the speed of the lecturer was high.
So that we couldn't grab the concepts in the class.
Some concepts which were useful to implement in the semester project was taught near the end of the semester.
It is good if you can shift those towards the middle of the semester.
Everything was good.
Nothing to be noticed as a flaw.
The only thing is, I would've loved it more if we had extra time to practice examples at home.
Of course, it is not a fault of this module.
But I'm not sure if there's going to be another chance to say this.
That's why I'm mentioning this here.
I would love to practice Object Oriented Programming all day than reading" Manufacturing Engineering" and other non- CS modules.
Being someone who is obsessed with Computer Science, this module was one of my favorites.
overall lecture series was good but it was bit hard for a beginner to code in Java.
It is better if you could teach Java language before doing the semester project.
This module encouraged me to do self studies and the lecture series is good.
good lectures, but you should take some simple examples to explain some matters.
It will be better if the students are required to submit their project at least 2 weeks before the last week, so that they will focus for the final at the last weeks of the semester.
Lecture series very good.
It is good if we can have more feedback on the codes we write.
Well organized lecture series.
Guest lectures were useful.
It would be better if the examples codes were given to students which were discussed in the class as we can study them further.
It is better if the concepts of observer observable is taught more earlier so that it will help to do the semester project in a much better way.
Lecture series was good.
But the time we had to take notes was not sufficient.
If we could have more examples for final sessions it would have been better.
Please inform the deadline of the semester project at least before two or three weeks, it really hard to manage and finalize the things within one week.
It was very informative and interesting.
I personally got many unclear things about oop cleared during this lecture.
Unfortunately the time was not enough.
I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer_y for Sacrificing his valuable time and effort.
It was a great lecture.
I have learnt a lot of things from that lecture like practical use of abstraction.
It would be better if he had some more time because I think in the lecture he had to speed up because he had not got enough time.
Thank you very much sir.
Mr. Lecturer_y's lecture was very informative and interesting.
He explained theories using well matching real world examples.
We happy to have another lecture from Mr. Lecturer_y
First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us.
I found today's lecture very informative.
Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting.
When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job.
I learned about new things like transition diagrams, CRC modeling.
You did brush up my knowledge.
I believe that the verb- noun technique you taught to identify objects, methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future.
I wished that you had more time complete the lecture.
Nothing bad I can think of to point out.
Hope to see you in another informative session.
Thanks again.
The lecture was amazing and provided us an insight into practical applications of OOP concepts and about how the corporate world applications use them.
We got a summary of what we had learned so far.
The only regret was we did not have more time for the lecture.
We are grateful to Mr. Lecturer_y for conducting the guest lecture on Object oriented programming.
The lecture was easy to understand with the ample examples provided.
It helped to clear certain doubts we had on the subject.
It was very much interesting.
It would be better if we would have a another session
Actually it was a great session.
We got lot of things from your lecture.
Specially regarding industrial side aspects.
It will be really helpful for us in near future.
Thank you sir
It was a successful program than I thought and learnt many new things.
It was very good lecture actually, It is better if there were more examples( Real Software projects) when describing things.
It was a good lecture.
The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP.
He suggested books for reference.
It was very useful.
Great lecture.
Learned lot of things from you.
Thank you for your time.
It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP.
Especially, what you've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it.
I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important.
Thank you sir for giving such references.
And the last but not the least, having lecture with you, a great figure in Software Industry, I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly.
Thank you sir.
The lecture was really good.
He was very interactive.
Hope to hear from him again
It was really an awesome lecture Mr. Lecturer_y.
I understood a lot about abstraction in that lecture.
You explained that concept simply but with all the facts that would help our mind to create a picture abstraction.
The event explanation was good too.
Thanks a lot.
It was very good and interesting lecture.
Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an" out of box" idea about what we were learning during last few weeks.
I am sure that Noun/Verb Analysis, CRC Modeling, OO Principles- SOLID theories that you taught us on that day, will make our lives easier when developing a new program.
But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA, it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus.
Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us.
It was a very informative session.
Gained knowledge on object oriented programming concepts.
It was a very informative session.
Thank you .
:-)
It was great help for me to understand some points in OOP.
All the facts were clearly taught with examples.
So we did not have to think much to understand lots of them.
Thank you very much for sacrificing your time for us.
It was a great help for me.
It was an interesting session.
It's better if there are some follow up sessions too.
Thank you
It was really helpful to find the relevance of oop in software developing.
Even though I'd gone through the theorems and definitions off oop to a certain extent, still I find it somewhat difficult to apply ones it comes to the design phase.
So it helped be a great deal to enhance OOP thinking pattern.
It's a interesting lecture and I got a good understand about how to apply OOP concepts to real practical things.
I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer_y to give us a good lecture.
Good.
Excellent Lecture.
Thank you very much Sir.
It was a good lecture.
We learnt more about the concept of OOP, and clear some doubts about the subject matters.
It had been better if you had the time to explain the last part of the lecture more briefly.
Thank you sir for your valuable time and the effort contributed to improve our knowledge about the art of programming.
I think it is helps us to understand what the industrial background of CS engineer.
Further your explanations of Abstraction and UML diagrams are interest.
We are luckiest, if we had more time to discuss other topics.
Thank you very much Sir!
It is very useful.
Especially the abstract and polymorphism explanation is very good
Thank you sir for having an excellent guest lecture.
Your examples are brilliant.
Thank you for sharing your experiences with us.
You told really good ways to study.
And you showed us that we must search and learn more on modern software trends which always change.
Thank you sir again.
The guest lecture was very interesting and informative!
The examples taken by Lecturer_y sir to explain the concepts were great.
The lecture was inspiring us to do our best.
Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us.
It was really a great lecture.
It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams.
Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory.
Moreover the references given by you are very important.
Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop.
It was great.
I got to know about lot of people who are related on this field and I read some articles published by them, kind of new experience to me, things that I never thought of.
Superb.
It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far.
It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class.
I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time.
it was very useful I further understand the basic concept of oop clearly.
He told.
Interesting example for that concepts that were unforgettable.
And aslo he taught about diagrams such as state diagram, class diagram etc, very well.
And also very interesting things in lecture are he told his experience about his studies and his teaching experience and also he gave many e- resources and book for references.
Thank you sir for your great lecture,.
p. s- I expect your lecture in future!
Dear Sir,.
It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts, techniques of software analysis and designs.
Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us.
It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours.
Hope to have another lecture from you sir.
Thank you very much.
Best Regards,.
Chanaka Lakmal.
Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering,.
University of Moratuwa,.
Moratuwa.
The lecture was really interesting.
He motivated us to do extra reading apart from just managing to cover up every- day compulsory work.
He gave a general idea on how and where some of the concepts we learned are actually applied.
Great lecture sir, really good material and above all it was more informative than any other guest lecture lecture we had.
Thanks for the references as well.
State diagrams will come in handy for us sooner rather than later.
Once again thanks for your kind concern for us despite your rather busy work schedule.
Good lecture.
Got good idea about states, abstraction and polymorphism.
Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir.
They are very useful.
Thanks.
Sir,.
It was a very useful lecture.
I wanted to know how a software engineer in the field deals up with the concepts that we learn today.
So I got what I wanted and it was the best thing.
And the things you made taking with some really explainable examples made the facts registered in our brain.
Thank You Sir.
Dear Lecturer_y sir;.
First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture.
The lecture was totally organized and well arranged.
Examples were much familiar for us.
And we love share your golden experience.
It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too.
Thank you again.
The session was rather informative and inspiring.
It helped us a lot to understand OOP principles and UML and state diagrams.
Thank you for the valuable information you shared with us.
Sir,.
The lecture was great.
Actually I didn't like the OOP before because it looked like a waste of memory and processing power but after your lecture I realized that why it is so important.
Further, thank you for inspiring us about the founders of these concepts.
As you said I will try to read those books form 'cover to cover'.
Thanks.
it was a good lecture to me.
I understand the important of the OOP concept, when we work in industry.
Thank You.
Really it was very important for me.
Got an idea about the noun/verb analysis and CRC modeling for the first time.
In my point of view it was good that you touched several parts of OOP concepts.
The things you told about the ways of referring books were very important.
Hope we would have more.
Thank you.
I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us.
That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture.
And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far.
Some important concepts such as Abstraction, Polymorphism were explained in very practical way.
I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer_y is a great privilege for all of us.
Thank you.
I really liked the series of lectures on OOP.
It made me realize a whole new method to approach a programming problem.
The lectures were quite clear and interesting.
The lecture series can be considered as a good one.
All the lectures were done clearly.
Lectures were audible enough and all necessary materials were given.
And it is not a difficult to dealt with the lecturer.
It would be better if more real examples were discussed in the class.
It is very easy to understand concepts through real life examples.
If more examples with answers were given in the class, we could understand the concepts better.
The series of lectures can be considered, as good.
I understood the basics of OOP although there are some unclear points with concurrency probably due to its nature and lack of experience.
I think the interactive exercises were good but our participation in them were not satisfactory.
I liked the subject well since it was one of my personal favorites and due to relatively less workload.
It will be more effective if the slides are more descriptive.
I think it more effective before teaching OOP concepts teach some java programming.
the workload during the semester was reasonable.
Madam promote us for self studying.
I think it's better discuss more questions during the lecture.
So it help us to understand the theory very easily.
It would be more great if more real world examples on concurrency will be discussed in the class.
It was quite interesting
There is nothing bad to say about this module.
But it is better if we had a chance to learn more about java language before learning OOP concepts.
Thank you.
Lecture series can recommended as good and productive.
But it is good if the lecturer can provide more examples, provide the lecturers version of answer to the in classes.
Mostly encourages self studying but still I prefer if the lecturer taught more about fundamentals of programming in JAVA.
Because most of us started at 0 JAVA knowledge.
This semester project was the first JAVA project I did.
Even though I succeed in to some extend to learn JAVA myself I saw many of my colleges were struggling to do their project.
Most of us were only concerning about the project that made us to skip learning the most important fundamentals.
Still I liked the teaching techniques because it was really fun and challenging to do the self studies and finally make our own software with a GUI.
I would like if the lecture could give a individual feedback about our semester projects which could really help us to improve our programming techniques.
Thank you madam.
It is better if lecture slides could included more details.
lecture series was well organized.
I suggest to discuss more examples in the class
1.
Lecturing method is interesting.
2.
It is good if slides are more detailed.
3.
Final lectures were little bit fast.
The lecture series can be commented as very good.
In class activities helped me to do my best.
It would be useful if there were more examples on particular theory parts.
It was a good course.
Clear and straightforward.
The in class activities were good but we were always in a doubt about our solutions to the in class activities.
But the lecturer did her best to explain the good and the bad aspects of the solutions of random students.
So it was actually our fault not to clarify doubts early.
for in class exercises, sample answers would have been given.
Dear Madam,.
I admire your kindness.
It leads us to ask questions and to clarify things.
It is good to give those in class type scenarios to be discussed among groups.
Sometimes I felt that it is better if you can explain the basics concepts further more.
For me this semester was very difficult to manage my work.
As I haven't done programming before, I felt difficult to catch up things.
It is better to discuss examples regarding the content which would be done on the particular day.
The overall course was good.
Thank you.
The speed of the concepts like concurrency was a bit high.
Otherwise was really good and understandable.
Good.
Interesting and more practical cases.
You try to work out them by ourselves.
It was very useful and helpful.
More examples may be more valuable.
I would be better if the concepts were explained more clearly with details and examples.
The in- class exercises given were good.
According to my view the discussions did not give a clear final answer.
More questions on practical problems would have been great.
Since we all are new to OOP, if we could have at least a weeks time to discuss a paper and get an answer scheme, that would give us a general idea on how to tackle oop questions.
Overall the lecture was good and understandable.
1.
Some topics that discussed in class are too fast( eg: UML,).
2.
The problems related to OOP concepts that discussed in the class are not enough.
3.
Semester project evaluation criteria should be given first, because we are unable to carry out how our project should be.
Therefore finally we had to do lot of work.
It was quite nice learning OOP
Lecture series was really good.
It will be more effective if there were more examples on relevant theory parts.
Specially examples from java language.
In class activities were good.
It will be more valuable if we can get a model answer after doing it.
Lectures were excellent.
More details in the slides is highly appreciated.
Positive.
1.
Good interaction with students.
2.
Short Point slideshows.
3.
Very Good for a student who know at least some concepts.
Of oop.
Negative.
1.
Very hard for a student who has a bad knowledge about the subject.
2.
Examples are not enough .
( especially in Threads.
No proper examples for thread interruptions etc .)
Nothing bad to point out.
The slides were clear and understandable.
I usually sit on the last few rows and still I could see the slides well and hear the lectures loudly.
I think that it would be better if model answers were given to us for the questions you gave us( like for the questions in group activities).
No need to discuss them in lecture time.
At least upload the model answers to the moodle so that later, we can go through them.
Subject was interesting and it was done in a very good manner by madam.
It's better if would have given more real world examples
The lecture slides were well structured.
The lecturer motivated to ask questions.
positive- It is very good to have group activities inside the class.
negative- If we discuss more modeling type questions it's better.
We do not have much example to learn modeling
Good Lecture Slides.
Semester project gave us lot of knowledge.
Especially about GUI and OOP concepts.
Group Activities are helpful.
It would be more understanding if you can do more examples in netbeans or eclipse while explaining theory.
However, you succeeded in giving OOP concepts using outer world examples.
Good and clear English which is great, otherwise we would have to make a tokenizer before we actually process it.
Lecture slides are clear and quite understandable.
Group discussions were good and were in fact effective according to my POV.
I personally think that concurrency and threads needs a bit more explanation as we found it a a bit difficult to understand and many of our guys have quite different opinion on the same subject matter.
Please DO NOT assign Mr. Sulakshana for lab sessions as he is pretty much useless for taking attendance and when it comes to the questions we face in the labs, all we get from him is"" answers.
I have no personal issues with him but for the betterment of the next batch taking Mr. Sulakshan as the lab assistance won't do any good to them.
Thank you madam.
Really enjoyed your lectures and hope to learn OOSD next time.
Lecture was good but little bit fast; did not have lot of time for both understanding and taking down notes.
But the examples provided and the way those were explained was great.
Personally OOP is a new concept for me.
It took more time to change ourselves to this new concept.
I think OOP with java is very comfortable to learn those concepts.
But there are some conflicts with threads still working on it.
More practice is needed and it is good if we have at least two semester projects with OOP.
miss, thank you for teaching us.
One of the subject learned interestingly is oop, reason for that is your way of teaching.
Because of not having in class test or quizzes we can learn without fear,.
positive.
1.
I like in class activity we have done.
2.
You had given many more resources to reference.
3.
Real life examples.
No negative feedback
* lecture series was very good .
* explanations was clear well .
* learned deep concepts of java, but some of them wasn't clear.
The lecture was inspiring and was a good start as fresh CSE students.
I hope to hear the rest of the lecture as well.
It is very important lecture.
He did it nicely.
It was a good session and really appreciated it.
Since OOP is something new to me, I was much benefited from it and could grasp some tips.
Better if we can have the rest of the lecture on another day.
Please schedule the remaining session to the latter part of the semester because we can gain some knowledge from our module and that knowledge could be revised from this lecture.
It is very useful.
He gave so many advices which which are very helpful to our studies.
I request our dept to organize his guest lecture in future.
Lecture was really good and he described simply.
I understood his lecture really well.
The lecture was fine but I guess it is better to conduct such a lecture may be late part of the module or even at the mid of the module because at the very beginning of the module we have a little knowledge about the subjects.
The lecture was fine I guess better to do it latter part.
great, I could understand the basic principles of OOP
It was really good and interesting.
Personally I did not know much about object oriented programming.
By that lecture I learn some basics and I was able to understand them at the lecture.
Good.
Better if held after some theoretical hours.
He gave a good lecture.
It was interesting and insightful.
But I think he could have done more in the given time
It was really good.
The way of explaining is well paced and well organized.
Focussing on the fundamentals is very good since most of us are new to OOP.
Hope to learn more from Mr. Lecturer_y.
It was a great experience and waiting for the next session as he mentioned.
The lecture was really interesting as Mr. Lecturer_y was explaining the theories with real world applications.
The ideas and the concepts were discussed in a simple step by step manner enabling us to grasp easily.
The experience and the knowledge he had related to the field made him trustworthy.
And it was really helpful as the lecture was conducted in our 2nd week in the department.
The lecture was good.
It would be better if he had more time.
it will be very useful if he could do another couple of lectures.
It was one of the best lectures we had during our first 2 weeks.
The way he explain OOP concepts with examples is really great.
What we noticed is, he has ready- made examples which goes in parallel with the learning.
Pls let us get familiar with the practical world scenarios as often as possible.
it was a great experience to have a lecture from a person in the field, thank you very much.
absolutely brilliant lecture, we got to have clear understanding about oop.
Hope that he may visit again to cover the rest of it.
It was very helpful for us to have a better understanding about basic concepts of OOP concepts.
I got an good idea about OOP concepts after this lecture.
Thank you very much sir.
I suggest that it is better if we have another lecture session.
I think the lecture was good but it is better to conduct such a lecture at last part of the module.
Lecture was interesting.
it was very useful for me.
It would be better if he teach us another day
Thank you sir for your lecture.
It is nice and helpful to learn.
But time seems very short.
It was very helpful to to get an idea on what is OOP with his practical examples.
I wish if he was able to complete the lecture.
Guest lecture by Mr. Lecturer_y was one of the best, well- organized lectures I ever had.
The concepts were clear as he used examples.
As I am a beginner for Object Oriented Programming, it was a good chance for me to understand the concepts.
It was great to have the lecture at the beginning of the semester.
I hope that he will continue his service for our junior batches as well.
Yes.
It's quite good.
He simply teach us from the basics.
Very good lecture for beginners to know what is object oriented language and how it is working.
Really appreciate it.
It's very useful for us.
We are expecting another lecture
good.
It would be best if he could have some more time:)
I think has lot of experience in this field and also in lecturing.
So as he said I would like him to come again and do more lectures for us.
The lecture was quite interesting and understandable.
I appreciate the fact that the lecturer took long enough to explain on subject matters and make it clearer.
The lecturer was very audible and clear to the students.
I got to understand about abstraction clearly, which I couldn't get a clear image from the books.
It's unfortunate that the lecturer couldn't finish the whole lecture within the allocated time.
But he could have covered more in the time where he took to give a lengthy introduction about him.
Hope to see him in the future giving the rest of the lecture.
It was really helpful to get an idea about OOP concepts.
It is better if there is any possibility of inviting him for another session.
It was a really interesting lecture about OOP concepts and some important informations about the industry.
But I think the time is not enough so it will be a great chance if you can do another lecture.
Thank you
As a beginner to OOP I got lot of important things from his lecture.
He made a clear view on the topic.
I'm really thank you if you could kind enough to arrange another lecture from him.
Thank You.
It was very helpful.
He explains the things deeply and finely.
But he couldn't cover the entire things.
I expect that he would cover those things in another lecture.
I expect another session from him.
The session was really successful.
Got to know a lot about the stuff I didn't know earlier.
This session increased my interest to OOP.
Hope that there would be more and more guest lectures from Mr Lecturer_y.
It was good.
It was good to see and share the experiences someone who works in this field.
Hope we will be having more valuable lectures from people like him.
Dear Sir, It was a great lecture that we learnt much.
Sir, I think it is our privilege to be in your lecture.
Please extend this lecture for us in another session.
Thank you!
The guest lecture was very good, we were able to get a very good knowledge about basics of OOP and what we need to become to adapt to the industry.
And also we got an idea about the advantages of using OOP to create systems.
We will look forward to have another session from Mr. Lecturer_y about OOP.
This lecture is actually very much useful to us.
Actually I understood everything he said, please give him another day or two to complete that lecture,
Sir, I think your lecture was a very important and successful one.
Wish to participate more.
Thank you.
It was good but the time given was not enough.
Couldn't follow the explanation about Abstraction.
Hope that he will do another lecture on OOP.
The lecture was beneficial for us who were struggling to grasp the object oriented concepts.
It was very good and able to understand well with the teaching method.
We were able to logically understand the taught concepts within the class.
Thank you.
On those days I had a huge confusion on OOP.
But after the lecture I was able to get the main idea of OOP and UML.
The lecture was well organized that anyone can understand even the beginners in OOP and it was not a boring lecture at all.
We would be grateful you sir if you manage time for us to do the remaining slides on another day.
Very good.
It's very good and motivate for us.
We want more from you.
it's good.
It was really interesting.
And we could a lot about basics and the way should adapt to CSE from the beginning.
I hope he will conduct more lectures in future.
it was really good.
Helped us a lot.
would be better if he could come again couple of times more.
His explanations about OOp were really good and he gave some really good real world examples.
We'd be glad to have a another lecture from him.
It's very useful to us.
We know many new information and we get new ideas from that lecture.
it was good.
Looking forward to his next guest lecture .
( missed part)
It was really interesting
It was good and was helpful to learn the basics of Object Oriented Programming.
Looking forward to attend more lectures like that.
I think it is very useful.
I think it is better if we have that later.
Lecture was fine.
Lecturer gave us many information about the field and current trends of the CS arena.
If possible please conduct another lecture at the end of the course module.
Thank you.
First thank you for your lectures.
Diagrams which you gave for inheritance and other some are very useful.
If u can take a another lectures for balance part.
Having him explain the core concepts of OOP was extremely useful, as we have zero to nil knowledge on the subject and he is quite good at explaining them.
I believe he should be given more time to continue his lecture so that we can finish his lesson.
All in all, it was great to have a lecture from him.
Clearly explained the basics.
Thanks!
Good.
He took good examples to explain OOP concept.
Thank you.
Lecture was quite good.
Though the covered area was small, described well.
It was very useful lecture, but some explanations didn't get correctly as we are new to object oriented programming.
However we are given more knowledge within few hours.
got a glimpse of OOP.
Interesting lecture.
Very good.
the lecture was good I couldn't focus on the lecture because I not get much from that
I think Mr. Lecturer_y did fascinatingly well in the lecture.
His organization of ideas and the way of presenting was marvelous.
His ideas clearly curved in our minds because of the way he presented.
Look forward to see him again to continue the lecture.
It was a great experience taking lessons from an expert in the industry.
His presentation was well prepared and succinct.
I was sensing a real world sense of programming.
since I don't know anything about oop it is really useful to me.
Lecture series is very good
Both lecturers did a good job on delivering the subject matter efficiently.
The class was not boring.
-
Best lecture in the semester.
Throughout the whole semester our focus was on to complete the project on time.
But only 40 percent of the module 's marks were allocated to the project.
So I would like to suggest that allocate at least 50 percent of the marks to the project to satisfy the effort of the students.
The only issue I found is that, more time should be allocated for the design patterns.
Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand.
Lecture was interesting
none
Lecture series structured very well
Lectures were really great.
In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt.
Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing.
Other than that, the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated.
This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui.
Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot.
Except that the semester project was a great experience.
As a whole the lecture series was good.
Lecture series was very good.
If we had more time to discuss coding examples, it would have been better to understand the usage of some concepts.
lectures were good.
It would be helpful for us if you can provide printed lecture notes( slides).
It would have been better if things like design patterns were taught before, so that we would have more time to try to use them in our project.
This module is great because we get to implement what we learn and realize the value of them:)
Overall lectures were good.
But it would have been better if Design Patterns were taught as in the middle of the lecture series.
Last three weeks wouldn't give us enough time to get our hands on design patterns.
Lecture series was good
White background slides are not much clear.
As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario.
So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better.
Nothing to point- out as a weak point or area.
Overall it was a good lecture series.
I am highly appreciating this course.
That was interesting
Some lectures couldn't understand since it was conducted too fast
Lecture series can be recommended as good.
lectures was well structured to gain the learning outcomes.
But it would be better if there are more practical examples discussed in the class.
-
Project was a good experience.
Module was done perfectly well.
This was one of the best lectures I have sat so far.
As just like oop in 2nd sem there was lot to learn, I think time and weight for documentation of the project is too much.
Considerable amount should be given to implementation.
Design patterns are some difficult to understand
Syllabus and lecture series was good.
It is better if the lecturer can upload the slides to the moodle before the lecture.
Lecture series was good and well organized.
none

Good lecture series.
Overall course was good.
I think all the lectures were very important and could understand the subject well.
I think, if lecturer can take more time to teach design patterns than others, it will be good.
every lecture was well structured and detailed
This is the only lecture which I never felt lazy to attend.
design pattern should be more discussed in lecture series.
one of the good lecturer.
Please don't change the lecturer in future.
-
Explanation of the lesson is very good.
expecting more practical examples on design pattern
Everything is good.
Need more Worked examples
The lecture series was good but the semester project was really tough.
it would be great have more attention to the projects since we have no idea at the begin how to start implement.
I think it would better to do lectures little bit more slowly as some facts in design patterns are hard to understand
Need more time for semester project.
Some explanations were really hard to understand, but some students could.
It would be better if the explanations were clear and simple enough such that even the student who are weak at the subject also get a chance to understand.
Excellent.
On the whole, the lecture series could be recommended as good
The module was well structured.
But with other modules we had tough time in managing the project.
It was a tough semester
Useful lecture series
-
thanks
sometime time it's not clear what u are explaining.
Because of the semester project we got hands on experience about how a real information system is implemented
Madam teaches well.
It would be better if more questions were discussed
Very well structured
It would have been better if design patterns part was started bit earlier.
It is better if the presentation slides are provided before the lecture.
Then we can study it before coming to the lecture.
Lectures were really good.
-
Increase the time allocated for design patterns because they are vital important.
The best lecture series in the semester.
Better if you can slow down the speed of the lectures.
Design pattern lecture was not given much time.
Also examples and applications are not enough.
Duration for the OOSD semester project should extend to the 4th semester as in ICE stream.
Because it will help students to come up with better product.
Impressed about what we were taught and the way we were taught.
It is better if you can give the example codes that were discussed in the class to understand concepts clearly.
the overall lecture series was good
The lecturer gave enough time to understand things and repeated as necessary.
Highly appreciate that.
It would be better if some more relevant examples discussed in the class related to design patterns.
No comments.
Group project helped us to understand the concepts clearly.
Expecting more exercises and working examples similar to exam questions and practical things.
There is no much time to read the whole chapters from the recommended book and study with workload we have.
It's better to teach the design patterns from the beginning of the semester.
It's somewhat difficult to learn them when all of them are taught in 2 days.
The scenarios and the examples discussed in the class helped a lot to understand the concepts.
It is a good way of teaching.
We had huge workload.
I propose to reduce workload little bit
I really enjoyed this lecture series.
Madam it will be very helpful if you can provide slides prepared by you for first 4 lectures.
Because text book is very detailed and it's difficult to remind all the facts.
If we have a slide set we can use it as a short note.
Overall a good lecturer hope to see in upcoming semesters
it's better if we could get the lecture slides
The lectures were good and interesting.
Thank you madam for the effort put forward in teaching us this subject.
I think it's better project evaluations are more focus on business logic and discuss how to improve the quality of designing more.
It was a good lecture series, But I think it will be better if we discuss about more practical application that use those methods.
Lecturer had able to explain the subject well
nothing
Actually whole course were fine
you are One of the best lecture in our department.
Thank you madam.
As I suggested in feedback for Principles of OOP module you gave us example solutions for the problems.
They were really helpful.
lectures was good.
Lecture series were good.
And the workload were reasonable.
Speed of some theory parts are high
Overall compared to other courses I would like to say that this course is very good and well organized.
Lecturer was good.
And lecture series could be recommended as good.
But it 's better if you can reduce the workload.
Lecture was good.
Apart from punctuality, there was no issue with the lecture.
The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable.
Workload is high
Giving the group project to test and apply what we learnt was really great idea.
Although the report writing part seemed annoying when doing it, when we began to study for the end examination it was really useful.
So I recommend the same things done to my junior batch and add more exercises if possible .
:)
I would really like if the all modules are like this module.
Learning a lot of theory is useless if we don't.
Know how to apply them.
Since we have the chance to apply the knowledge of what we gained from lectures to the semester project it was a really good learning experience.
We got a better understanding through the project by applying the concept we learn to develop our own software.
For me, I find it is really interesting to learn concept by applying them to our work.
So I can improve myself my programming with quality and best practices.
Thank you madam for the effort you put throughout the semester.
I learned many things all by myself.
no comments
Madam, If you can give more time( 45 min) to demo our final projects, it's good for student side.
It is better to do some more exercises in design patterns during the class.
But lecture was conducted in a good way.
Lecture series helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in OOSD during the lesson.
projects and continuous assessments was helpful to identify my weaknesses.
Overall the lectures were all good
It will be better if we can discuss more problems in the class
Sometimes I cannot understand what the lecturer told because of the speed of the lecture.
Need more explanation using examples.
At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row, I think I have missed things, that you teach because of the distractions I worked with.
I thought the book is too much.
But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing, but day today examples that everyone can understand.
Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly, Actually the passion you teach is very good, the examples that you took out from the industry, your working experience and the jokes that made( some jokes are beyond my limit).
everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career.
And the most important thing is madam your availability to us, Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you.
Because we might not get problems during the lecture time.
Every time after a mid exam, you have discussed the paper in next class.
That is perfect.
That helps to correct our mistakes, and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question.
Because different people has different views to the same problem.
So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems.
Thank you madam,
Lecturer could be recommended ad good
I think the subject content is bit too large.
Especially the book is not easy to read and memorize.
Lecture series was conducted well.
It's better if we could do more questions before the final exam.
lecture series was good
Lecture was good and motivated us to read the textbook and learn from it a lot
Better if you can reduce the speed of teaching madam.
For me it was difficult to understand the facts.
Specially design patterns.
I got useful knowledge from the lecture
Examples are very good( especially for design patterns).
You and Mrs. Lecturer_y did a great series of lectures.
Thank you.
You taught in the best way with OSD as I feel.
Using everyday examples to emphasize theoretical points is appreciative as then we can easily grasp it.
Overall lecture series is good.
But I guess it would be better if the content is less and present it in more attractive way
The lecture series was well structured and organized.
there is no need to have all practical days for his semester.
And it is good to use textbook for this semester.
Lecture series could be recommended as very good.
It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept.
lecture series was good.
After the Group project, we learnt much more things about the subject.
no
Good
The lecturer was really kind and soft.
Speed of the lecture was rather high.
It will be helpful if more examples were discussed in the class.
it's good
Actually this was a good lecture series
Design pattern explanations were clear and the examples were great!
If that kind of approach was taken to the other lectures also, then it would have been easier to understand them.
The lecture series was good and well taught.
Better if the workload( Syllabus) was less.
It was very hard to manage such a workload with other subjects.
Overall good.
But this was a very hectic semester, not to blame but to say the sorrow.
Thanks.
One of the great lecturer I met in my life.
Thank you for your support and kind advice.
Please do some more different examples.
This Lecter series can be recommend as better than OOP.
More than Oop lecture OOSD lectr did encouraged me to study.
Even last raw people were praised for good ideas.
It is better if you can give more practical exercises for every sections.
Like we did in Flexi Taxi example
It is was a good lecture series.
There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture( OOP).
The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained.
But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes .
( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus).
The latter part of the lecture series is the best part .
( design pattern).
Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture.
More examples on design patterns would have been helpful
The necessary examples provided was very useful to understand the concepts.
If we had more time it would be better to take down necessary notes.
The lectures were really helpful.
Thank you madam.
I enjoyed the lecture series.
lecture series was quite good /
Lecture series was very organized.
Lecture topics was discussed clearly and understandably.
We learned an important software development methodology out of this course and Group project was also a new experience.
-
good
It is better if there are more examples on relevant theory parts using any language like java.
For design pattern lesson add more example in real world discus or give answers for that
It is better if design pattern practice labs were held.
It was a nice series of lectures.
Thanks madam .
:-)
Good lecture series.
Really good slides also.
The lecture series was good
The lecture series was in general good.
I personally found it hard to read one whole chapter every week.
For operating systems also we have a chapter to read and I know it is not an excuse.
But it was my experience that I found it a bit hard.
Few more examples would be great.
It was good.
But at the end we got lost in the workshop.
Maybe it is because it was conducted fast in the end of the chosen part was too much since most of students are new to c plus plus
It was a very good workshop.
It convince me that how important is C plus plus.
The two lecturers was well prepared.
Finally I thank MIT for doing such a valuable workshop and I request for another workshop on C plus plus on how C plus plus helps in OOP concepts.
This is a good workshop for me to improve my knowledge in c plus plus.
well structured.
Learned a lot.
Thanks to everyone who did a great job at the workshop.
It has been a nice workshop.
We are really motivated to study cpp further.
But as I feel it went through a rush so that I feel that so much important points are missed.
My suggestion is that more time should be allocated than today.
it was very use full session to us.
We got more basic concepts and some advance thinking about c plus plus.
thank you so much
Overall useful lecture session.
Distributing gifts led me to keep in focus on lecture and helped me to gain lot more out of the lecture.
As suggestions, it is much more useful, if speed of lecturing is slower than this.
Especially when teaching places like classes and objects.
I think you guys missed out to mention how to create an object from the class that we declared.
That task may be basic thing.
But when I tried to do your assignment, the first thing that I have to find is, how can create an object in C plus plus.
However this lecture motivates me to learn c plus plus.
I am looking forward to have such useful lectures more.
How to create a class.
O Access modifiers.
O Way of writing constructor.
O Way of declaring method.
How to create an object from declared class( ways).
How to work with reference in C plus plus( I'm still confusing about references and pointers.
Are they same or not and how can they use in c plus plus?).
What is the meaning of symbols such as*,&,- >.
Overloading an operator.
In my point of view above are a list of fundamental things that we need to know when we are starting to learn c plus plus.
Hence if you can teach them more clearly and in slow speed which everyone can be able to understand, we are much obliged to you for that.
Thanks.
it's better if you could give us more time to upload the assignment.
If you could allocate more time for the session it is highly appreciable.
it was really good.
The first part is good, learned a few memory tricks.
But then the 'magic of c plus plus ' part started and it was all about how c plus plus has magic stuff.
Like why would an absolute beginner would be interested in a hardly ever used cast like reinterpret_cast?.
could have shown what a memory leak actually looks like and it would be really useful when one get a memory leak for the first time
Workshop was good and interesting.
Some students weren't familiar with C plus plus.
I think even they were motivated to find and learn more on C plus plus.
Excellent work!
It was good, but since I am new to C plus plus, within 3 hours it was hard to get a good idea on the language.
But appreciate giving bags, since it motivated students to think and answer the questions.
Session was good.
But it would be better if it was focused more on basics.
Most of us didn't even have a basic knowledge on c plus plus but this workshop started off from advanced topics and they tried to cover lot of areas very quickly.
So we didn't understand most of it.
The workshop was very useful for me.
It motivated me to study c plus plus.
thanks for Company_x and our staff.
But we hoped that a T- shirt will be given for us.
The workshop was good.
Having a break in the middle helped a lot to relax as we are trying a new language.
It will be better if we can do this in the labs as the seminar room has limited space for 125 students.
I got a really good experience.
It is very useful.
good
It was a great help for me to start things with c plus plus.
thank you very much for the workshop.
It was really awesome.
But I think it could have been more interesting if you can extend the time allocated for the workshop so we can get to know more things.
it's good,
I think it would be great if the presenter could use the whiteboard more to explain things so that we can understand the concepts well.
Overall it was a nice session.
Good.
But it was hard to follow the content as the software was not properly working in my computer.
I wanted a bag so badly but I missed the chance:(.
It was a quiet impressive way to motivate us .:).
This was an interesting session which made us understand the power of C plus plus.
Highly appreciate the effort by the presenters and the assignment was also enlightening.
But a bit more time before the assignment would have made it even better.
It was very good.
Gained a lot of things including a backpack:)
slides were clear, but the lecture was not clear.
It would be better if you could conduct the lecture slowly in two sessions for the junior batch.
The content was good.
But I was unable to understand most of the things during the workshop as the syntax of the language is not familiar with me.
It is better if you could explain the programs in much detailed manner.
It was not possible to get all the stuff discussed in the class within three hours
It is better if the subjects contents were more descriptive.
As a student who had a little knowledge about c plus plus, I learnt a lot of new things.
And they were really interesting because most of the things you said are not even included in online tutorials.
One drawback was that you should have informed us beforehand that you expect us to know the basic c plus plus things.
For some of the guys, this was the first time programming in c plus plus.
To them, it was somewhat difficult to grab at the pace you were going.
In overall it was a great session and I enjoyed and learnt a lot.
Hope to have more sessions from you guys in future.
Thank you very much!
it is good chance to learn other programming language rather than Java.
I think it is not enough time to understanding c plus plus syntax and coding by my own while.
After the session I used read further about c plus plus.
So either we should get a very brief background before the workshop or in the workshop we should learn them step by step.
It was a very interactive workshop and gave a good start to learn C plus plus.
It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this in future.
There was a chance to know about C plus plus.
They motivated us to answer the questions.
I like it very much.
Overall It was very useful to us.
Workshop helped me to get the basic idea on what are the industrial applications and also how important it is to know about various programming languages.
The workshop would have been easier to catch up if they took some more time to explain things.
Felt that they had to rush through.
when it comes to coding it was bit difficult as I do not know the C plus plus.
If lecturer's voice was bit clear than that it would have been better.
But the lecture was useful for me to grow up my interest towards the language.
Thank you for your great help.
The workshop helped us gain knowledge but because that C plus plus is a complicated language( and also because of its related libraries), just in a few hours, we can't learn anything significant.
Good introduction approach on C plus plus.
But need more time to work on the language.
If they provide more examples on each topics, it would be great.
Say Operator overloading.
It would be much appreciated if they could explain the concept with more examples of codes.
The workshop was quite successful in its intentions.
However, it would've been even better if the session was conducted for more than 3 hours.
It was a good workshop.
I get to know about a lot of things in C plus plus as for the first time.
Thank you Company_x!
Haven't learned c plus plus before.
So it's a bit difficult to catch up with the things they taught:( But they sure did got me interested in learning c plus plus:)
The workshop is good but It will be better if the stuff is described much more in detail.
It was not that much useful.
Didn't grab anything correctly
It was very useful as we got to know a lot about C plus plus.
Before the workshop I basically thought Java is better than C plus plus in every aspect
We could learn a lot from that session.
It is better if another session can be arranged to learn some more about C plus plus
In general, workshop was good.
But programming part was not clear because lecturer's speaking style was hard to understand.
I think it would be best if many basic questions are done during the lecture.
It was good and helpful.
It will be better if the speaker is audible enough because I found it hard to understand the second speaker sometimes.
Thank you so much.
You have taught us many things in just few hours.
Overall, Company_x did a great job, but they were so hurry to cover up what they have planned to do.
It was somewhat hard for most of our students to learn some concepts.
So better to teach most important parts rather than trying to teach all the concepts in the slides.
A good workshop.
They tried hard to deliver their maximum.
But the scope is too wide for a short time period like 3 hours.
It was a good workshop but the assignment, in my opinion was not a fair one.
As most of us were not familiar with C plus plus we had trouble familiarizing with it within one day( less than one day) in order to submit the assignment.
1.
Giving gifts did really motivate us to ask or answer questions.
2.
The time limitation made the speaker conduct the lecture at a faster speed than it was comfortable to us.
3.
Since the pace of the lecture was a little too fast, we weren't able to completely understand some points.
4.
In a week where we are bombarded with assignments and a competition for engineering skills development, having to submit the code within a few hours is I believe, too much of work.
5.
This lecture could have been much helpful if the lecturer took at least 4 and a half hours instead of 3.
It will be very useful if the most important sections that are going to be covered are informed before such that students can be ready for the workshop.
It was helpful for me because, Until now I used only java for programming.
But I now know C plus plus is far better than java.
I will start learning C plus plus because you guys gave me the perfect foundation for that.
workshop is good if you can give slides before it we can study and come
It was very hard to get a good understanding about c plus plus concepts as I am not familiar with this language.
It was a good idea to present some gifts to the students those who answer for the questions as it motivated students.
I really appreciate it.
This workshop motivated us to learn c plus plus as well as other new language.
Do come again with T- Shirt( for all);)
It was hard to grab the words spoken by Mr. Presenter_x since his tone was not very clear.
It will be better if we can do more exercises to study the tweaks of these languages in the future.
Please extend our thanks to Company_x!
The workshop is so good and very helpful.
It motivates me to learn C plus plus.
Session was good but I think C plus plus is relatively hard to grasp within a few hour session.
Rather than discussing all the key elements of the language, it would be better if the session was focused on the primary key points of the language such as basic OOP implementations.
This module was very useful for me since I learn a lot of about the things that I was not aware of which improved the quality of my programming skills.
But I found that some workshops were not very successful because the content of those workshop was not feasible to finish in the given time.
So they were in a rush to just finish the workshops and we found it is hard to grasp anything out of it.
Even though I don't promote copying but that is why may be my colleges did copied assignments since they found it is hard to do them without learning the whole concept by their own.
Also I find the workshops are more weighted towards designing, analyzing, testing and debugging.
I would like if you would have included networking workshop.
We felt the lack of networking workshop when we were developing network multiplayer mode of Tic Tac Toe game.
The workshops were done on GIT, log4j, junit,.
Net, MySQL, Debugging, Scrum, Extreme and Spring was really good workshops.
I find them really useful for me.
Even when developing the OOSD semester project we tried to apply most of those concept we learnt from those workshop.
So I learnt how important the content of those workshop and to follow those methods and best practices to build a high quality successful product and an software Engineer.
It is better if you can select some important sections and have complete workshop on those.
As an example If it is MySQL, better if we can take about 3 weeks and complete all the parts that should be covered.
It would be great rather than doing a small part from so many different sections.
Also it is good to give the assignments on the class itself on the same day.
Then it will not be a extra workload for us.
The workshops held were immensely helpful to develop our various programming and team skills.
But personally I think the number of workshops and assignments were a bit too much
This is one of my favorite module for semester 3.
We really enjoyed developing a game by ourselves.
Also the workshop series exposed us to latest technologies.
Looking forward to Programming Challenge II.
It was fun to work with the industry, though some assignments are hard:)
The course was helpful to get to know different and new technologies and programming methodologies.
However, in some workshops, it was difficult to understand and use the technology within the short time provided.
It would have been even more useful if further explanations were provided on how to use these tools practically( such as Git).
Thank you for conducting these workshops as they introduced numerous tools that are essential for us.
Learnt a lot of new technologies and how they can be applied.
Thank you for conducting these workshops.
I suggest that less number of topics should be covered and topics should be more broadly covered.
Maybe by giving a particular seminar more than one session.
This module should be given more weight because it's very important because of programming project and assignments.
Maybe making GPA module would be good.
This series of workshops is very helpful to us as we get the chance to work with industry people and also rather than what we are theoretically learning, these things appear to be more helpful in our career.
However, some workshops are somewhat difficult to grasp and I think if they can focus on some part rather than everything on topic it would be easier us to get basic knowledge.
And also as we need to learn server- socket knowledge at mini project, it would be helpful if such area is also covered by a workshop.
Overall, this is a very good module to cse students.
workshops are very helpful and we learnt a lot of new things from them.
But it's hard to manage time to do assignments with the workload of the other subjects and projects sometimes.
Some workshops were good but some were bad.
Some workshops gave too much workload.
So I guess overall workshop series was well
This module was quite important because workshop series was able to fill the gap between technologies we use and the technologies used in Industries.
But it would be more effective if there was a connection, some sort of synchronization between those workshops.
A very good course for cse students.
I think this is helpful to go to industry.
Industry too try their best.
To do mini- project( for example networking), I think it is good to have a workshop with more knowledge.
Some assignments are too enough.
But many are ok with our weekly load.
It was a really good experience- learnt a lot about the technologies used in the industry.
The assignments pushed me to learn on my own.
The workshop was a important and interesting one.
But it would be better if we have more time for the workshop.
Firstly, thank you for dedicating your valuable time on us.
You gave us a lot within 3 hours.
I learnt many things new today and also think that I should look into those Ideas and build tools as it will be very helpful.
It may be good if some examples were included and explained more on later topics.
it was really important and much valuable session for me.
Although it was the first day I heard about such an area in CSE I studied lots of things.
So, it is great workshop and thank Company_y for conducting it.
It was very helpful.
It was especially helpful because we have OOP projects which require continuous code management.
This was very good workshops.
But time was not enough.
It is better if explain more about Junit and Git.
But actually it was very good workshop.
It is a great workshop I think time period should be extended
Thank you for spending your valuable time to conduct such workshops for us.
The workshop was helpful to get a basic idea about build tools such as Ant.
It would have been even better if only a few topics were covered in more detail as the time was limited.
IntelliJ Introduction was good.
I could not point at least the exact use of each of the other 3 sections, I think it is better to cover only one section per 3 hours.
I expected more about Git and version control systems too.
The workshop was useful as a whole.
But the latter part of the workshop was little ineffective as we were alien to those areas and the explanations were so speedy.
It was very useful to us.
We had a chance to know about to do compilation using terminal, IDE, build tools, ANT, Unit test and Jenkins.
But we didn't have enough time to do more practicals for getting more idea about concept during the workshop.
Workshop was well structured, but time was a problem.
But it occurred because our students were not ready for it.
Sorry for that.
However it was a great session
First of all I would like to thank all the instructors who dedicated their valuable time to teach for us.
today's session was really helpful to arouse our curiosity on ant and junit.
Hope you 'll continually give your support to enhance our knowledge.
Personally these workshops were very useful me.
I could gather many things I didn't knew.
It's better to focus more on teaching Jenkins, ant all other stuff rather than basic knowledge of java:)
The workshop was really good.
I learned a lot of new things.
It is sad that there was not enough time for practicals.
Nothing negative to point out.
Thanks you all for your wonderful workshop.
It is great workshop.
Because ant is very useful for us, for our projects.
Thank you.
It is very useful for us.
We studied a lot of unknown thing.
Thank you.
First I would like to thank everyone who spent their valuable time to do this workshop.
Got the basic idea how java files compile, run and how the folders are make when we work with a ide.
But I think it will be more benefited if we focus only one or two new concepts as we had limited time.
session is useful.
But the prior arrangements( downloading and setting up environmental variable) took more time because most students were unable to do it.
So give CLEAR explanation on how to do them before the session.
The session was very useful to get an idea about software tools.
It would have been better if we get enough time to test sample codes.
I appreciate the help given by the team when we face problems in installing the IDEs and implementing programs.
I think it is better if you select a limited area to cover during the session other than explaining quickly.
It was very useful to get an understanding about what industry expect from us.
If we had more time on ANT, JUNIT, Jenkins it will be more useful
The workshop was a great experience for us.
Company_y members done a good job there.
Thank you for your support
Session has reasonable content.
I could able to understand something we didn't go through before.
Was really useful.
But the time limit was not enough.
It was really good, covered a lot from a short period of time.
It was a whole new experience.
We apologize for not covering up the prerequisites beforehand.
It might be better if the target was to educate us on few things in more depth according to the time issue.
A lot of knowledge gained within 3 hours.
I was introduced to some new technologies.
Thank you for spending your time to give us knowledge.
More examples and somewhat slow clarifications may be good.
It is little bit inconvenience to get the idea what you presented in last part of the session because of the speed of the.
presentation.
They are good but the maximum was not able to grab due to the time constraint.
It'd be great if we were informed a bit earlier to setup out computers to fit the workshops.
Other than that they are great but still we find it difficult to relate them to the real work work environments.
Thanks
With the limited time you all did a great job.
Learned a lot and it was very informative.
Thank you a lot.
It was awesome.
I have learned technologies that were used in the industry.
Thanks for Company_y
The workshop was very useful.
The content was very important for CS students.
I think these things should be taught to CSE students in the second semester.
And the time allocated is not enough therefore it is better if it can be divided into two workshops and allocate more time.
It was very helpful to gain the knowledge in area which we didn't knew
This workshop was really useful.
We got familiar with industrial related software development practicals via this workshop.
I think the duration is not enough.
first part of workshop was fine.
But because of lack of time last part was rushed through.
not very clear for me .
:-(
The content that covered in the workshop was very important and we got the idea we should be aware of those tools.
It was very useful for us and thank you all.
I learn lot.
But I think, it is better that lecture may be slowly few than today.
I cannot note some code parts.
It was really awesome workshop.
Got to know about a new IDE and how to work with it.
It is better if you can allocate more time on ANT and JUNIT since it was very hard to keep track on those lectures.
Anyway we had a good time improving our knowledge in industrial aspects.
Thank you very much for conducting this kind of workshop.
This session is good and helpful.
They taught us many new things like JUnit, IntelliJ idea.
Final half of the session was very speed and bit complicated.
But I think we can we figure out that things ourselves.
Actually it is better if can have more examples and tutorials on apache ant environment as we are beginners for those things.
Nice attempt .
:)
The whole workshop was very productive for us and we got to know a lot of things.
My only regret is that we ran out of time.
A bit more information on ANT would have been very useful rather than focusing a lot on the SIDE.
Got many things from the session.
Thank you very much for your contribution
it's really good to know how to test classes before implementation and bug fixing.
Also this workshop useful because we know which requirements they will ask when we go to the industry
The workshop was very good and the explanations were quite clear.
Could gain a good knowledge and understanding on those areas.
Hope that'll be useful in our future projects.
Thank You.
I really enjoyed the workshop.
It was a great and will be extremely useful in my practice.
It was well structured and well supported.
Looking forward more things from you in the future.
I installed the IDE.
I compiled and executed a simple code using cmd.
Other than that, I didn't understand anything.
It was good from their part.
But since the workshop was for 3 hours we had some problems with following due to technical issues regarding laptop battery life and etc.
The session was good But the last part were bit complex to understand.
We got a brief idea but it would have been great we could do the practicals in the same time as well.
actually it was a great workshop to me.
Before I come to the workshop I didn't know much about that.
Thank you very much for sharing knowledge with us.
The topic discussed in the today's workshop were really important.
We were not aware about such things discussed today.
It is better if the could allocate more time on the topics discussed at last.
The workshop was interesting.
The first part where we used command line to compile a program was good, but later we spent a lot of time on java basics, which we already knew.
The remaining parts were good.
we could not catch up the last facts that were told as they were rushing due to time limits.
It will be much better if even few topics were discussed with more details and examples.
Overall the workshop is useful and interesting
We had a good time in this workshop, We learned how the java works underneath to compile and run a source file.
We also learned about the IntelliJ IDE.
Workshop is fine.
They need to quickly finish basics and go to the hard parts.
Because students need more time to grasp those.
This is really useful and helpful for our future and ongoing projects.
Thank you.
It was a great workshop.
We learnt a lot about build tools and concepts.
We could have save time if you informed us about prerequisites more clearly.
Thanks a lot .
:)
Organization of the workshop was excellent.
I was able to understand all except version control system and junit.
Overall it was good.
This is a good workshop but the time is not enough.
It would be better if you do this presentation in two days instead of rushing through everything in one day
The workshop taught us lot of new concepts.
It was useful and an eye opener.
Thank you for conducting it.
But the lectures were conducted a little too fast.
It would have been more helpful if there was lesser areas touched but explained to a more depth.
The sessions were really good, Specially the session on JUnit was really interesting.
I remember so many times altering main the code, just to check independent parts of code I type.
I think JUnit would be very helpful for me there.
ANT session was also very good.
I was struggling with new android studio and gradle.
But now, I think I would understand it better.
Thank you Company_y!
it was a good workshop.
It help to know many thing.
We learned about important tips about programming and good programming practices.
The information on the build tools, version control systems etc were really helpful.
Considering the content clearly the time was not adequate, so if the the presentations were summarized accordingly that could have been great
It is very interesting and very important session.
Thanks Company_y for you valuable time.
Workshop was good.
I learned something new.
Now we use Github accounts for our projects.
Thank you!.
There was problem with university wifi connection( proxy server).
We couldn't upload using cmd.
Had good knowledge about using Github
it's good to know about what is GitHub and its functions, when we go to the industry it's really helpful to manage our project or a teamwork
The workshop was very well conducted.
It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also, to get the basic understanding.
In terms of the workload that has been done( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas) within the given time is appreciable.
Workshop was excellent.
It was clear and had a smooth flow.
It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork/pull- request processes in GitHub.
Even without them, still the workshop was awesome.
Thanks.
Good job!
But last part is bit faster, hard to catch up so and start I bit slower so I think it is good to balance the time and do the workshop.
It's good to have a workshop like this.
It will help to improve our knowledge.
I think that's very use full to develop our programming challenge project and also our object oriented system designing project as a team.
You did that workshop perfect speed.
Thanks you Company_y!
I was unable to attend this workshop.
But heard it was good and covered a lot of basics about Git.
I wanted to learn how to use GIT from about two months.
Surprisingly, This workshop taught us how to use GIT.
Great Work!
Thanks!
We found a little difficult to grab some of the contents since things were demonstrated fast at some points.
But it was useful that we got to know about git and github.
It was a good workshop.
But I think if you show us how to work with real big project( I mean like netbeans project) with Git, it would be better.
But still it was a good workshop.
It was very useful.
But if we fail to follow the lecture for 5 mins it was very difficult to catch up the workshop.
It was an excellent workshop.
This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller.
How to use GIT.
I got some ideas to use this for my project.
But to be open I'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one.
Instructions and practical instructions were given fast.
I'm unable to follow some instructions.
For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower.
Today's workshop was really useful.
This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects.
But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints.
Overall it was a great workshop
It was really a good workshop.
We got to know about the usage of GIT while working on software projects and many more things.
It will be really helpful for us in the future.
Thank you
It was a good workshop.
It would be better if the things are explained slowly.
Thank you.
This workshop is really better than last two workshops.
Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained.
And taught everything methodically.
It was really good.
I got to know many thing.
It was really helpful.
Thank you
Had a good understanding about Company_y and Git.
I learned about Git Vcs in this workshop.
Thank you very much Company_y
The overall workshop was very informative.
The first half of the workshop was alright.
I was able catch up with the lecturer.
But in the later half, it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter.
So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing.
Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try.
It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower.
Git- Version Control System Workshop done by Company_y was really interesting session.
I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub.
The team was very friendly and very helpful.
Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us.
Hope to have another interesting session with you.
git is an essential aspect we should be familiar with as computer engineers and the workshop made us take the first step in it.
It was informative and enjoyable.
It was productive.
But it would have been better if you explained a bit more about the code towards the last part rather than at the beginning.
Thanks for the great workshop!
Thank you for teaching us to use git and github.
It is a new experience.
The lecture was good and easy to understand.
We hope that Company_y will do more workshops in the future.
It was a very interactive interesting session on GIT.
Learned a lot during the limited time and you did your best to cover as much as possible and give us the maximum.
Thank you.
It was a new concept for us.
I think it will really help us in the future.
It was really a fruitful program.
We learned how to use git, github properly.
Thank you very much for your time for us and hope you'll do more in future.
The workshop was very useful for me.
I already had a github account.
But I didn't know to how to use it appropriately.
As we are doing our semester project it will be very useful for all of us.
Thank you.
The workshop on git and github was very interactive and we did lot of practicals.
I think it was very useful and interesting
Thank you for taking your valuable time to do such an informative and helpful workshop for us.
This was a great workshop.
It helped us a lot to get to know about git
Best workshop so far.
I have been struggling with GIT for sometime.
Due to its weird terminology.
Thank you so much.
This was an very interesting workshop which will reduce so much stress when doing group projects
It was a new experience.
First time I learnt it.
Lecture and all instructors are very friendly.
They help us lot.
Thank you for all.
This workshop really help us to get a better knowledge about git and github.
Thank You.
An awesome workshop.
We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems.
One thing I experienced was I couldn't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending.
This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve.
I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems.
Each can give an area to focus on.
This way they don't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us.
Did good job with limited time period.
It had been better if you would have done it but slowly
Workshop was really good.
We had no idea about GIT before the workshop.
It gave us a clear basic understand on GIT.
Thank you very much.
this workshop is really good
Actually it was a effective workshop.
We are new to version controlling systems, so it was great opportunity for us to learn a important new concept.
Today we had a very useful session on github.
Compared to last week workshop this one is really awesome.
I should thank the lecturer for his effort to teach the things so clearly so that everyone could understand.
I'll really appreciate if you can upload the lecture note
It was very informative and valuable for us.
When we were doing practicals I felt the speed was a little bit too much.
Many new things were learnt within 3 hours.
I think that knowledge is very important to us as cse undergraduates.
However, I think we need some more clarifications and do presentation slower.
Thank you.
The workshop is amazing.
I knew nothing when I was entering the workshop, but I leave here with a plenty of knowledge about Git and GitHub.
Thank you very much.
I'm very thankful for the GIT workshop for the Company_y.
The workshop was really good and resourceful.
But as all the other workshops the end was fast and it was really hard to get anything out the last 30 min of the workshop.
Thank you
In this workshop we learnt about git.
I think it is very useful when we doing group think.
Thank you so much for the workshop
I wanted to thank you for your workshop.
The workshop was excellent.
I really enjoyed it.
The presenters( who conducted the workshop) did a good job.
You gave us a good start.
Thank you very much again.
I'm looking forward for more workshops from you in the future.
It was a really good presentation and we learnt a real lot out of it.
We highly appreciate the corporation provided by Company_y and hope for more collaborative work in future as well.
Thank you for the workshop.
Git is very popular online application in IT industry.
So for us it very important to know about those things.
And it is very useful for our projects also.
This is a very important workshop for us.
Thank you.
Overall it can be considered as a good workshop.
But it may become better if you could do the introduction more specifically about MySQL since most student do not have good idea about it
It was a useful session as we got lot of knowledge about databases.
The program was very helpful to get hands on many things have not even heard before on DB.
Gave an idea about databases and how to handle them.
Speed was also fair; was not hard to catch up.
Workshop was very informative and helpful.
We learnt a lot from it.
Thanks much;
The session was nice.
Gained a lot from that.
Never done MySQL before, but now I have a head start to continue working on that.
Thank you.P.
S .- Was kind of hoping you guys would give away cake: p
Workshop was really good and helpful.
It was contained main point we should look at when learning MySQL.
It was a good start to begin the learning.
The session was great.
As a student who didn't had any experience before using MySQL I learnt a lot.
And it was clear as well.
It would have been better if you introduced some of the Ideas used or how you use MySQL in actual scenarios.
Thank you for a great session.
It took some time for us to look at the slides and type the code.
It will be better if you can send the relevant coding examples earlier, so that we can come prepared to test them and this will save time for the lecture.
Other than that, everything was so excellent.
Please extend our thanks to Company_y Team!
workshop was good.
It is helpful if all codes and notes given to us because when we doing the tasks we can be dismiss some parts.
it was good and we learnt a lot about MySQL since we are beginners.
Excellent.
The workshop was very useful but it would better if we had a 5- 8 minutes break as the workshop was 3 hours long.
It was a very nice and useful workshop.
A huge range in MySQL is covered in just three and half hours.
It gave good introduction for MySQL
It was a good workshop.
I learnt a lot of things that I didn't know about databases and MySQL server.
Thank you Company_y!
it was very useful and if possible please conduct another workshop for us so that we can learn the rest of the MySQL content.
it is very useful.
I really appreciate it.
Do come again for another workshop( bring t- shirts too: P).
The workshop was really helpful.
I had learned MySQL 2 years ago but I couldn't remember much because I didn't get a chance to practice them.
But from this workshop I was able to memorize those once again.
Good work and keep doing these for students like us
Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL.
But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn't understand because that part was done at high speed.
I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL.
If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop.
Workshop is good.
Presenter could explain very well.
But his speed is not reasonable.
We may missed some important facts which he had explain, since while we are testing getting stuck he used to explain.
great workshop!
I learned lot of things related to the MySQL.
you are done great workshop in 3 hours with us.
The session on MySQL was effective.
I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me.
The resource person from Company_y was clear and audible.
It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL.
Thank you!
all the basic things that we have to know were clearly explained.
Even the students who know nothing about MySQL had a chance to learn.
Session was not boring because the presenter was able to keep eye on every students.
It was actually good.
We could actually learn what can be done with MySQL.
It will be much useful if related videos' links can be given before the sessions.
Today's workshop was well planned.
Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples.
I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too.
The workshop was a certain success.
We gained a lot of perspective about MySQL.
However, I would recommend giving more exercises and examples like connecting PHP with MySQL etc.
actually great.
I had no idea what SQL was and now I think I have a basic understanding about how to work with it.
Thank you guys!
if the session had more time it will be more valuable.
It was really helpful for me.
Today's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL.
The lecture was audible and clear.
Presentation was very good and clear.
But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time.
Workshop made me interesting of MySQL.
Finally I thank Company_y for doing such a valuable workshop.
The workshop was very useful as it crash- coursed us through SQL basics.
The slides were clear, examples easy and informative.
The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer.
We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL.
Can be recommended as good overall.
It was better and more supportive than the previous one.
this workshop was so nice.
I learnt lot from it.
It motivated me to learn.
But I feel some difficulties as it was to fast.
The session is very useful to get a head start to MYSQL.
Session was well planned.
It is very clear and audible.
I am highly appreciate this session and really thankful to you.
Workshop was quite helpful.
Learnt a lot of new things.
Presenter was audible and encouraging.
The facts were organized nice and clear.
Actually, In my view No one can do better than this.
Thank you!
It gave a nice start to learn MySQL and all the guys helped us throughout the entire session.
It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this.
MySQL workshop was really good learning the basics, but it is better if they can provide us some additional recommended resources( websites etc .).
It is better if the speed of the lecture is reduced.
Workshop was useful for us.
I didn't have any prior knowledge about MySQL before this session.
But I can get started to work with MySQL as you provided the perfect foundation.
It was very helpful and they did their best in the workshop.
They were able to give us a very clear idea about MySQL.
It was interesting and learnt many thing that I didn't know before.
Thank you
As a person who had no knowledge about MySQL before, I would like to say the session gave me a very good introduction about MySQL.
I understood the importance of learning it and now I'm going to try my best to master it.
Good job Company_y:)
Overall session was good.
Discussed topic were important.
Better if the session was accommodated with a simple but complete coding activity.
Lecturing style was excellent but it will be easy for us if we can get the lecture slides beforehand .
( at least before a day).
By doing that lecturer can speed up the lecture and allocate more time for our questions.
It will be appreciated if we can have another session based on the advanced concepts of MySQL.
Session was good.
Presenter clearly explained everything from the beginning.
Nice workshop!
Very well done!
Learnt lot of new things.
Thank You.
Company_y did a great job.
Good job!
:)
Workshop was great.
More practical examples will be great.
It wasn't that much useful.
I didn't grab anything correctly
It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to.
It was well structured and clearly explained everything.
But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL.
Somehow the quiz was a mess.
The quiz wasn't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues.
GOOD
Thank you for giving us a good start to MySQL.
it was actually interesting and productive session
I think this workshop was very crucial as we could study.
I could get knowledge about MySQL.
The workshop was really helpful.
And it's better if it could take more time exposure more about MySQL.
It was a interesting workshop.
I have started to get a basic idea about MySQL.
You are a good teacher.
Keep up the good work!
more useful workshop than previous one.
Taught really well.
It`s better if we can have another session from Company_y.
This workshop was better compared to c plus plus workshop.
We understood the basic things.
It was really good.
I did not know MySQL before that.
You really did a good job in teaching us.
It was clear and audible enough.
Thank you so much.
I learnt lots of thing at this workshop.
Thank you so much ayya.
Very good workshop.
It is really good teaching from very beginning and going to advanced topics.
In the middle of the workshop it become little too fast to catch up.
The workshop was very useful for me and it was more interesting.
Thank you for Company_y and our academic staff
The workshop was very useful and well planned.
It was clear and audible.
We are grateful about doing a session like this.
It is better if more time is allocated for the workshop.
It was a very useful workshop.
I didn't know anything about MYSQL before.
But I got the basic knowledge from your workshop.
I would like to appreciate the way you have done the workshop.
I think all of us were able to understand.
It is better if we could have another session.
It was useful to know about database program.
We are able to get an Introduction about MYSQL.
Thanks to coordinate that workshop.
Very useful lecture for very beginners like me.
Really appreciate.
This lecture motivates me to learn MySQL more.
Apart from that, I would like to suggest you to give us the instructions to install MySQL before the lecture in details.
Because it is not that simple to install MySQL into different os.
Having links to download the soft is not enough.
As an example, the latest version of MySQL for windows is very difficult to install properly as it asked to lot of things to choose and it leads us to issues.
Thanks.
The workshop was very good.
The speaker was clear and audible.
And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes.
Thank you.
thank you very much.
The flow of the workshop was easy to grasp as the everything was explained from basics and we had the chance to test by ourselves, but it would have been better if we had more time for the workshop and if we can discuss more practical issues.
The workshop was really useful to us.
It is better if you can use larger letters in the presentations so that even the students seated in the back can see them very well .
( Today even if I was willing to be seated in the front there was no space).
I am grateful if you could organize another MySQL session.
got a clear idea about scrum.
The paper plane activity also helped me to grasp the concept.
Overall it was an awesome workshop:)
The session was very useful and interesting
This session was very interesting and gain lot of knowledge about scrum
Good workshop.
Continue it for our junior batches as well.
Excellent Workshop!.
We enjoyed a lot and had a great learning experience through the interactive session.
Please extend our thanks to everyone involved.
Also, pls share the slides with us, so that we can refer them when needed.
Session was interactive
They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique.
It will be very useful in future.
But the later part they done( apache maven) was not clear.
I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven.
Overall I think they did a good job.
it was helpful to gain a basic idea about unit testing and other tools.
But last part of the session was little bit confusing to understand .
( about Maven)
The session was not as good as the last week's session.
The delivery of content was too fast and the presenter must have thought we already know most of the things which has been presented in the session.
It would have been more effective if the session was delivered a little bit slower so the audience can gasp the full content of the workshop
Couldn't understand the latter part of the lecture.
It's better if you can conduct the lectures slowly in next sessions.
Workshop was good.
But if the content was bit more detailed, it would have been better.
The IDE part was good.
But the other part was not clear as it was totally new area for me.
So it is good if you can explain it in more detail manner starting from the things most of us know.
The workshop was helpful.
But it would've been better if they started the workshop by giving a basic introduction of how to use the tool.
It was useful.
But I was unable to catch the content well.
the workshop was not that much felt
Actually the workshop was interesting but I think the Build tools part and continuous integration part was bit unclear.
I got some knowledge about Maven.
But it was too fast.
Thank you for your kind guidance.
It is very helpful to get to know about them.
But I did not understand some.
Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear.
I think it's because I'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told.
So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture.
So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand( step by step).
Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand, give us enough time to try them in our own( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned).
I am really thankful to you, for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us.
Keep up your good work.
Thank you again.
It has been a useful session.
No doubt about that.
But I hope it could be much better if the relevant java files provided or part of the file is given.
So we could change and do necessary modifications to that and learn through it.
I never knew how to use build tools like maven.
But now I know about it into some extent.
Thank you
its was useful.
the last lecture was too fast, couldn't keep up with it.
So please slow down next time.
Overall great session.
Thanks.
good.
unit testing part was clear but I didn't understand anything about maven
Workshop was OK.
The problem was with the speed.
Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace.
To make the matter worst, we didn't had the chance to use maven .
( Because of some wifi problem) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn.
To me, the problem was that I didn't even had any idea about the things you taught.
So it took time to get the things into the head.
That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast.
Thank you very much.
This workshop is fine.
But the last section was run very fast.
I could not understand about 'maven'.
But workshop is so good and be motivate for me.
Before I didn't know any things about those things.
But after your session I got lots of knowledge about maven, junit.
This session is good
Got some idea about maven and how to use IntelliJ.
But it would be better if you can explain more about maven in detail.
This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas, Junit, Maven and continuous integration.
I was confused in some of the points that they describe since it is too fast.
Sometimes it hardly audible!.
However I learnt a lot of things from this workshop.
Session was good.
Voice was clear to understand.
Presenters did their best to give us knowledge.
workshop was very useful.
We learnt a lot of things.
More useful Workshop.
Thanks for Company_y and our academic staff.
we got a basic idea of IntelliJ idea.
There were some places that I still have some doubts of.
Some how the instructors helped us a lot in many difficulties we faced with the IDE during the workshop.
MySQL workshop was way better than this one.
We gained almost nothing from this.
It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop.
I hope this workshop will be better next year.
It was good.
But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough.
If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better.
Other than that it was good.
Overall it was good.
But I have an unclear picture about maven.
Since almost all matters discussed were new, except for IDEs', they would have done a great job if more time was available.
Reasons behind using dev tools were understood, but not their functions.
This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them.
Session was conducted wonderfully.
I appreciate your commitment and dedication.
Thank you for sharing your valuable time with us.
However I have a suggestion.
Today lot of students faced trouble in installing and using maven.
Actually from that point onward we seemed to lost focus and intention.
I think if you informed us that we need to do this and this steps even after installation to make the environment of the software ready for use, it would have been better.
We can install and come with the several softwares you ask, but if we are not familiar with it previously, we do not know whether it need more attention or work.
Thank you!
I think it is very good to learn about programming tools.
I learn lot of new things from that.
Thank you for that
As we are getting ready to work with the industry this workshop was very useful.
I got a very clear idea about the concepts
More time should be allocated for this module.
Workshop was ok.
But they could've done better if there was more time.
As a passionate Computer Science student, I found the session very interesting.
Last part of the workshop was rushed through, so I failed in understanding some of the ideas they discussed.
Otherwise, overall it was a good workshop.
The session held today was interesting.
I like the unit testing part of the session.
The session about the building tools was not very clear.
It is better if you can hold another session about building tools.
Previous weeks' feedback was a mistake.
I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link.
Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop.
It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series.
Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks' workshop.
I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided.
I'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for" maven" during the workshop.
I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop.
Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies.
Workshop was really good.
Learnt a lot of new and useful things during the workshop.
But since maven and junit were completely new topics for some of us I wish we had more time to be familiar with them.
Thank you very much!
it was useful.
but they did most of that part in short time.
So we cannot understand much of that in a time
It was conducted too fast.
Some students could not even configure the IDE
I didn't have any knowledge about these tools like Maven before coming to the session.
Now I know what are they and I will try some more to learn.
Thank you very much for sharing knowledge with us.
Compared to the previous workshops this was quite a failure.
There were many problems the guest speakers could not address and it wasn't their fault either.
It's nearly impossible to learn how to use professional tools in merely 3 hours.
It's better not to hold this particular session for the next batch or break it into a few separate sessions and give more exposure to each topic.
It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail.
We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry- related knowledge.
Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters.
Finally, please extend our thanks for everyone involved!
Somewhat difficult to understand the what actually maven is.
If slowly do I think we could understand more than this.
workshop is good but it's better if we have more time.
Those lecture hours are very useful for our semester project and so on.
Thank you
please give a handout on examples which doing in workshop.
We had problems when install that software.
Most of things unclear in today workshop.
Good workshop, but too much advance stuff.
As we have no knowledge about how industrial things happen it was so hard to understand the workshop.
The workshop was very helpful.
Was not very good.
At least we were not instructed properly to install the required tool and etc.
Could have done better.
Workshop is good.
Time for this workshop should be increased.
it was good but there were some unclear areas.
As we already knew a bit about Ide's should have focused more on continuous integration.
Should like to hear more about how version control, GIT and Jenkins work
Workshop was nicely done.
Learnt a lot of things.
I do not feel that there were errors to point out.
Thank you!
The workshop was good.
They were well organized and taught us in a very clear manner.
I understood almost all the things they taught.
Thank you!
Workshop was perfect.
This was the best one of the workshop series.
The workshop done on git was good.
The session was great.
Learnt basics of GIT, And this will surely become handy in our OOSD semester project.
Thanks a lot Company_y for all the great sessions.
it was excellent!
learnt many new things!.
thank you Company_y!
It was really good.
It would have been better if you could explain how the version control is done in detail.
this workshop was conducted really well.
I gained something new.
thanks
good keep it up.
It was a very useful session that we could get some idea about Git
the session was well organized and it was easy to understand.
thanks
The workshop flow was very good.
The facilitators did the workshop in a very good pace.
Job well done!
Workshop was really good and it was a good opportunity to get some idea about github.
Thank you for your great help for us.
It was really helpful
This session will be helpful for our project.
Thank you all.
Workshop was really useful and interesting.
Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git.
The two lectures were audible and clear about git.
But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough.
I think if you could give some real world applications, examples it may be very useful,.
the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure.
Many was confused with directory structures.
PS:.
please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays.
Today's workshop was great.
The resource persons taught the learning materials very clearly.
We hope that they would continue this for upcoming years too.
We are really thankful about today's GIT session.
Was an interesting and helpful presentation.
Learnt a lot from the workshop
Great session.
Actually we learnt lot of things about Git and how to use it to version controlling.
This session help me to get a strong base to learn version controlling.
Thanks.
Really appreciate.
It was really nice workshop.
Almost all the fundamentals were discussed in such a way that we can grab maximum of that.
It was well structured workshop.
I found it very useful.
You guys were awesome!
The session was fine.
But couldn't catch up with the lecturer after cloning the repository from github.
Think it's my fault.
I learnt lots of things from the workshop.
thanks.
Really good workshop.
Learnt a lot.
Thank you very much.
The session was very useful to get understand about git concept.
I have learnt a lot of things.
The session was well planned and clear.
Thank you
The session today was really helpful.
I learnt many new things from this session.
The way they presented helped me to easily grasp the concepts of the today's session.
Thank you very much for giving us this valuable opportunity.
I learnt a lot of things about git!.
A good workshop
the workshop was very useful to me.
Again thank you to Company_y.
Though the introduction part was little boring, rest of the workshop was well organized.
It gave us a valuable knowledge.
It would be better if you could conduct your workshop next year for our junior batch as well.
This is one of the most important lessons I've ever had.
I've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it.
Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control.
Now I'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients.
I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 'rebase' and 'merge'.
Please thank Company_y on behalf of me .
:)
it was great and m gonna use it for my projects.
git was totally new thing to me.
It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git.
Hope this would help in OOSD project.
The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day.
Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy.
It was a good workshop.
Their speed is pretty good for understand.
Presenter could explain every and each point very well and in attractive manner.
Workshop was really great and we learned a lot about using git.
It was a great help that Company_y provided us with.
Interesting and very useful session.
Thank you.
Good but it's little fast
It is better if it is done more descriptively.
Workshop content was very good and a useful topic.
Since lot of us could not install the program( Visual studio) properly, we were not able to catch- up everything.
But it was a guide to learn.
Thank you for your help for us.
Good workshop.
Well organized content.
The workshop was good.
it was very interesting.
some people were struggling with installing VB( because some did not have windows 10 updated in their laptops and they were unable to install VB 2015).
so it would be nice if you brought some setup files for those who have not installed the stuff
Good one.
Clearly discussed the facts.
Overall good session.
Thanks.
I was absent for this workshop due to bad health.
Session was very interesting.
It will be useful for our upcoming projects as well.
Thank you for organizing this session for us
workshop was good.
But it is good if you can relate another IDE other than visual studio.
A good workshop!.
I learned a lot of things about the importance of debugging from this workshop.
Got to know about how to debug a program using an IDE.
The workshop is good.
But it is not very interesting.
Selecting visual basic as your application for the workshop was not a good thing for me and several other other students.
And the slide set was not with us.
Though you have instructed to install it prior to the workshop, it was not an easy application to download.
It would be nice if you could adjust your workshop a little so that we can use code blocks or some other application for the workshop.
A great endeavor was taken to share the knowledge of debugging through VS.
It is appreciated.
Be little bit specific when giving the instructions to install software beforehand.
Even though students got VS installed with default settings, most of the students didn't aware of that the session will be on Visual C plus plus so that we had to waste time on installing Visual C plus plus components on VS. Apart from that overall session was good.
Very interesting session.
Thank you.
This workshop was a success as the professionals from Company_x guided us through the debugging of( C plus plus) applications.
In the future, it will be great to have instructions- and especially sample programs- for the workshop at least one day before the workshop as today we( plus they) had to waste time( about 45 minutes) until some of our friends finished configuring the IDE.
Thank you very much for the workshop.
It was really interesting.
It was good and helpful.
But I had trouble with catching up, because my visual studio IDE was not working.
So I was unable to get focused on subject.
Please be more specific when you tell us to get ready,( I.e.
Share the correct link to download the setup).
and please be kind enough to share the lecture slides.
Thank you so much.
It was good.
Learned to work in visual studio IDE.
Learned about types of bugs we face when coding and how to resolve them properly.
I think this session was very useful for me.
It has been great workshop help us to understand the mistakes we do and get slight idea about how to handle errors.
Nice one
The workshop was very effective.
I couldn't get anything from this workshop because the software didn't work properly in my pc.
So please give a more instruction to install such software before the workshop.
the workshop was good.
Made an impact on testing as units before the bugs get much more troublesome.
Made me- think of unit testing which we learned before.
Some missed getting hands on actual problems since they had problems installing the visual studio.
Except for that, it was a good session.
Learned new things.
This was very helpful for me to know about debugging techniques.
The workshop was very useful.
session was good.
The session was great.
Learnt many tips in programming.
the workshop is so nice and helpful.
We are expecting more workshop like this.
Event was done very well.
Learnt a lot of things and thank you for the lap bag.
was helpful.
would've been better if the workshop continued for two weeks.
Not good as previous weeks .- Presenters could do a better job than this .- Content was not clear .- They gave priority to distributing their gifts rather than teaching the right concepts.
Gifts are good; but the best thing they could give us was not gifts; but their knowledge in better manner.
Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone who tried to share their knowledge with us.
Highly appreciate their care on us.
It was great workshop.
If you can teach us how to debug a bigger program.
I think it will useful for us.
We always work with bugs .
:) so the workshop is very helpful for all of us.
thanks
Learnt a lot.
But should have trimmed the length and let everyone try debugging
Before the workshop, we were used to debugging using print commands, etc and not making much use of the IDEs own debugging tools.
I'm grateful to Company_x for conducting this workshop as I feel it was a great help towards our career.
workshop was good.
We had some issues with visual studio installation.
But we could do the workshop usefully.
It was useful.
good.
it should be little bit slow the program.
Since we are not very familiar with c plus plus otherwise difficult to understand what they saying.
Otherwise good presentation.
Probably the least organized of the workshops we had.
The presenters were not aware of what was happening most of the time and weren't very good at helping out either.
If they had at least informed the day before that we would need to code C plus plus on VS, we would have installed C plus plus tools on VS and come prepared.
interesting and more useful workshop.
Thanks for Company_x
It was great.
I learnt something
Well explained and easy to understand.
Great work as always.
Thank you.
Had a good understanding about how to write unit tests.
Since it took considerable time in explaining the procedure of writing unit tests, it was interesting session.
Good
Thanks a lot Millenium.
But better if you could teach us more.
Last 10 min was just like wasted.
very well organized.
Best workshop until now.
learned how to do the unit testing via netbeans IDE.
But this could be covered in the previous unit testing workshop.
Anyway workshop is good:)
The session was well planned and clear.
Thank you
Well constructed workshop.
workshop was good.
We could get a basic idea about testing tools.
It was very interesting and good.
It is very helpful.
The time you have given us to run and check code during the workshop was more than enough.
So reduce that time a little, then it will save time to teach us more.
Thank you so much.
good.
It was very useful.
But it would be better if selenium part also taught.
The workshop was good and interesting
Really good workshop.
Learnt a lot.
nice workshop.
Got many useful informations.
It was good.
Clearly explained.
It was a good session.
Most students were very familiar with java.
Hence with both conditions satisfied, I think people made the best out of the session.
I was used to test programs using print commands from early days.
Through the workshop I got to know many interesting things about test engines.
Workshop was really helpful.
Thank you.
One of the best workshops so far.
Had the attention to the fullest.
Better if unit testing was not repeated( since it was already done by cakelabs)
funny and great workshop.
The workshop team is best and they taught us how to do programming with in the different tools.
workshop is good we should spend more time on them
As always we learn new tools from these workshops.
But that question you asked" how many logos you can recognize" forced me to think that how much I know about this industry.
I think I have do lot more than I am doing right now to become the person I always wanted to be, an expert.
The workshop was very effective.
Workshop was successful.
Interesting and had fun!
keep up the good work.
The session was good.
Learnt a lot of new things related to testing and debugging.
It would have been better if you taught us how to use the selenium IDE or at least show a demo using that.
it was very useful to us
It was great.
We could learn more about testing techniques.
This workshop was very useful because we learnt a simple way to keep our code functioning as it should, and introduce changes without hassle.
I'm grateful for Company_x for spending their valuable time for us.
It was a really nice workshop.
I love the way workshop was conducted and also ice breaking exercises.
Thank you very much.
I have earned as much as possible.
I believe that workshop goals are met.
Since we had done JUnit before, it would be better if JUnit and TestNG scopes are covered in a single workshop.
Overall feedback- Good
Better than the last time.
We actually learnt some new things and please extend our thanks for the Company_x team!
The workshop was great and content was very useful and clear.
It was conducted in very attractive manner.
Thank you for your concern toward us.
It was a very good and interactive workshop.
We learnt the basic concepts very well.
We are looking forward to learn testing beyond unit testing
The session was really interesting as well as very useful.
This workshop was actually very good.
The pace of teaching was consistent.
We felt like everything had been very well organized.
However, I would have liked to see some a few CASE studies.
this was fantastic and really interesting session.
Presenter could make attraction to his presentation by his way of presenting.
Nice day spend with the session.
Workshop is great and we learn lot from it.
Good
The session was very useful and interesting
Good workshop!
We worked on Windows and got some bugs while configuring, but we could resolve them with few clicks and it was not so hard as mentioned in the instructions.
It is better if we could have more time with the workshop and practice more.
Please extend our thanks for everyone!
A good workshop.
Good.
Keep it up
The session is very interesting and useful to get understand about QT.
And it was very good to have an in class assignment and it motivated us
Workshop was interesting and UI making part was really helpful as we can use it to design our current working project's Guys.
Giving a chance to make an UI in the workshop is challenging and good to understand what we just learned.
got to knew Qt creator.
Will be very useful in future.
Thanks Company_z team.
Workshop has been conducted well.
But we haven't given proper instructions to install required applications for windows.
Therefore I have spent whole the time with downloading things.
Except that everything was perfect.
kindly request that not to force the students to install Linux instead of windows since it works fine in windows.
It worked on my windows laptop which windows 10 is running.
This is just an acknowledgment.
Good workshop and very useful content!.
But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop.
Things went really fast and we couldn't grab some points.
Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved!
This session was interesting and well structured
Workshop is really good and we learn a lot.
But the allocated time for this workshop should be extended because at the end of workshop things go really fast and it is difficult to catch up.
Good
