Lecture series 	0	Lecture series is very good . 
Both lecturers 	33	Both lecturers did a good job on delivering the subject matter efficiently . The class was not boring . 
class 	115	Both lecturers did a good job on delivering the subject matter efficiently . The class was not boring . 
lecture 	150	Best lecture in the semester . 
project 	326	Throughout the whole semester our focus was on to complete the project on time . But only 40 percent of the module 's marks were allocated to the project . So I would like to suggest that allocate at least 50 percent of the marks to the project to satisfy the effort of the students . 
time 	506	The only issue I found is that , more time should be allocated for the design patterns . Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand . 
design patterns 	539	The only issue I found is that , more time should be allocated for the design patterns . Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand . 
lectures 	564	The only issue I found is that , more time should be allocated for the design patterns . Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand . 
they 	634	The only issue I found is that , more time should be allocated for the design patterns . Those lectures went in a rush and we almost like got no time to catch up as they are bit hard to understand . 
Lecture 	671	Lecture was interesting . 
Lecture series 	710	Lecture series structured very well . 
Lectures 	751	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
In class exercises 	781	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
mid term 	885	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
in class quizzes after each lecture 	905	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
project evaluation 	986	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
semester project 	1277	Lectures were really great . In class exercises helped a lot in understanding the practical side of the theory we learnt . Having a mid term and having in class quizzes after each lecture is also a good thing . Other than that , the project evaluation would have been better if the multi layered architecture is evaluated . This is mainly because that we spent most of the project time for designing inside of the application rather than the gui . Hence some feedback on that would have helped us a lot . Except that the semester project was a great experience . 
lecture series 	1337	As a whole the lecture series was good . 
Lecture series 	1366	Lecture series was very good . If we had more time to discuss coding examples , it would have been better to understand the usage of some concepts . 
time to discuss coding examples , 	1413	Lecture series was very good . If we had more time to discuss coding examples , it would have been better to understand the usage of some concepts . 
lectures 	1518	lectures were good . 
printed lecture notes ( slides ) 	1588	It would be helpful for us if you can provide printed lecture notes ( slides ) . 
design patterns 	1665	It would have been better if things like design patterns were taught before , so that we would have more time to try to use them in our project . This module is great because we get to implement what we learn and realize the value of them : ) . 
module 	1775	It would have been better if things like design patterns were taught before , so that we would have more time to try to use them in our project . This module is great because we get to implement what we learn and realize the value of them : ) . 
lectures 	1878	Overall lectures were good . But it would have been better if Design Patterns were taught as in the middle of the lecture series . Last three weeks wouldn 't give us enough time to get our hands on design patterns . 
Design Patterns 	1933	Overall lectures were good . But it would have been better if Design Patterns were taught as in the middle of the lecture series . Last three weeks wouldn 't give us enough time to get our hands on design patterns . 
design patterns 	2069	Overall lectures were good . But it would have been better if Design Patterns were taught as in the middle of the lecture series . Last three weeks wouldn 't give us enough time to get our hands on design patterns . 
Lecture series 	2090	Lecture series was good . 
White background slides 	2119	White background slides are not much clear . 
design patterns 	2187	As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario . So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better . 
design pattern 	2240	As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario . So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better . 
practical examples 	2322	As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario . So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better . 
questions on design pattern 	2345	As there are lot of design patterns sometimes it is hard to select which design pattern is actually suitable for given scenario . So if you can give more practical examples and questions on design pattern will be great help for us to understand them better . 
lecture series 	2501	Nothing to point - out as a weak point or area . Overall it was a good lecture series . 
this course 	2546	I am highly appreciating this course . That was interesting . 
That 	2561	I am highly appreciating this course . That was interesting . 
Some lectures 	2587	Some lectures couldn 't understand since it was conducted too fast . 
Lecture series 	2658	Lecture series can be recommended as good . 
lectures 	2705	lectures was well structured to gain the learning outcomes . But it would be better if there are more practical examples discussed in the class . 
practical examples 	2808	lectures was well structured to gain the learning outcomes . But it would be better if there are more practical examples discussed in the class . 
Project 	2859	Project was a good experience . 
Module 	2894	Module was done perfectly well . 
lectures 	2955	This was one of the best lectures I have sat so far . As just like oop in 2nd sem there was lot to learn , I think time and weight for documentation of the project is too much . Considerable amount should be given to implementation . 
time and weight for documentation of the project 	3045	This was one of the best lectures I have sat so far . As just like oop in 2nd sem there was lot to learn , I think time and weight for documentation of the project is too much . Considerable amount should be given to implementation . 
implementation 	3148	This was one of the best lectures I have sat so far . As just like oop in 2nd sem there was lot to learn , I think time and weight for documentation of the project is too much . Considerable amount should be given to implementation . 
Design patterns 	3168	Design patterns are some difficult to understand . 
Syllabus 	3222	Syllabus and lecture series was good . It is better if the lecturer can upload the slides to the moodle before the lecture . 
lecture series 	3235	Syllabus and lecture series was good . It is better if the lecturer can upload the slides to the moodle before the lecture . 
slides 	3306	Syllabus and lecture series was good . It is better if the lecturer can upload the slides to the moodle before the lecture . 
Lecture series 	3351	Lecture series was good and well organized . 
lecture series 	3416	Good lecture series . 
Overall course 	3436	Overall course was good . 
lectures 	3481	I think all the lectures were very important and could understand the subject well . 
time to teach design patterns 	3588	I think , if lecturer can take more time to teach design patterns than others , it will be good . 
every lecture 	3652	every lecture was well structured and detailed . 
lecture 	3721	This is the only lecture which I never felt lazy to attend . 
design pattern 	3768	design pattern should be more discussed in lecture series . 
lecture series 	3811	design pattern should be more discussed in lecture series . 
lecturer 	3847	one of the good lecturer . Please don 't change the lecturer in future . 
Explanation of the lesson 	3911	Explanation of the lesson is very good . 
practical examples on design pattern 	3970	expecting more practical examples on design pattern . 
Everything 	4012	Everything is good . Need more Worked examples . 
Worked examples 	4044	Everything is good . Need more Worked examples . 
lecture series 	4069	The lecture series was good but the semester project was really tough . 
semester project 	4101	The lecture series was good but the semester project was really tough . 
projects 	4185	it would be great have more attention to the projects since we have no idea at the begin how to start implement . 
lectures 	4287	I think it would better to do lectures little bit more slowly as some facts in design patterns are hard to understand . 
design patterns 	4336	I think it would better to do lectures little bit more slowly as some facts in design patterns are hard to understand . 
time for semester project 	4390	Need more time for semester project . 
explanations 	4426	Some explanations were really hard to understand , but some students could . It would be better if the explanations were clear and simple enough such that even the student who are weak at the subject also get a chance to understand . 
explanations 	4524	Some explanations were really hard to understand , but some students could . It would be better if the explanations were clear and simple enough such that even the student who are weak at the subject also get a chance to understand . 
lecture series 	4691	On the whole , the lecture series could be recommended as good . 
module 	4744	The module was well structured . But with other modules we had tough time in managing the project . It was a tough semester . 
project 	4831	The module was well structured . But with other modules we had tough time in managing the project . It was a tough semester . 
semester 	4857	The module was well structured . But with other modules we had tough time in managing the project . It was a tough semester . 
lecture series 	4878	Useful lecture series . 
what u are explaining 	4943	sometime time it 's not clear what u are explaining . 
semester project 	4985	Because of the semester project we got hands on experience about how a real information system is implemented . 
Madam teaches 	5085	Madam teaches well . 
questions 	5136	It would be better if more questions were discussed . 
design patterns part 	5221	It would have been better if design patterns part was started bit earlier . 
presentation slides 	5291	It is better if the presentation slides are provided before the lecture . Then we can study it before coming to the lecture . 
Lectures 	5401	Lectures were really good . 
time allocated for design patterns 	5449	Increase the time allocated for design patterns because they are vital important . 
lecture series 	5531	The best lecture series in the semester . 
speed of the lectures 	5599	Better if you can slow down the speed of the lectures . 
Design pattern lecture 	5626	Design pattern lecture was not given much time . Also examples and applications are not enough . 
time 	5668	Design pattern lecture was not given much time . Also examples and applications are not enough . 
examples 	5681	Design pattern lecture was not given much time . Also examples and applications are not enough . 
applications 	5694	Design pattern lecture was not given much time . Also examples and applications are not enough . 
Duration for the OOSD semester project 	5727	Duration for the OOSD semester project should extend to the 4th semester as in ICE stream . Because it will help students to come up with better product . 
what we were taught 	5902	Impressed about what we were taught and the way we were taught . 
way we were taught 	5930	Impressed about what we were taught and the way we were taught . 
example codes 	5987	It is better if you can give the example codes that were discussed in the class to understand concepts clearly . 
overall lecture series 	6074	the overall lecture series was good . 
lecturer 	6115	The lecturer gave enough time to understand things and repeated as necessary . Highly appreciate that . 
relevant examples 	6251	It would be better if some more relevant examples discussed in the class related to design patterns . 
design patterns 	6303	It would be better if some more relevant examples discussed in the class related to design patterns . 
Group project 	6341	Group project helped us to understand the concepts clearly . 
exercises 	6420	Expecting more exercises and working examples similar to exam questions and practical things . 
working examples similar to exam questions 	6434	Expecting more exercises and working examples similar to exam questions and practical things . 
