session 	42	It is very interesting and very important session . Thanks Company _ y for you valuable time . 
Workshop 	97	Workshop was good . I learned something new . Now we use Github accounts for our projects . Thank you ! . There was problem with university wifi connection ( proxy server ) . We couldn 't upload using cmd . 
cmd 	299	Workshop was good . I learned something new . Now we use Github accounts for our projects . Thank you ! . There was problem with university wifi connection ( proxy server ) . We couldn 't upload using cmd . 
Github 	339	Had good knowledge about using Github . 
GitHub 	383	it 's good to know about what is GitHub and its functions , when we go to the industry it 's really helpful to manage our project or a teamwork . 
workshop 	501	The workshop was very well conducted . It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also , to get the basic understanding . In terms of the workload that has been done ( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas ) within the given time is appreciable . 
It 	537	The workshop was very well conducted . It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also , to get the basic understanding . In terms of the workload that has been done ( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas ) within the given time is appreciable . 
workload 	667	The workshop was very well conducted . It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also , to get the basic understanding . In terms of the workload that has been done ( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas ) within the given time is appreciable . 
time for students to grasp the ideas ) 	721	The workshop was very well conducted . It was well planned and was in a way which let anyone who is naive to get also , to get the basic understanding . In terms of the workload that has been done ( inclusive of giving some time for students to grasp the ideas ) within the given time is appreciable . 
Workshop 	801	Workshop was excellent . It was clear and had a smooth flow . It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork / pull - request processes in GitHub . Even without them , still the workshop was awesome . Thanks . 
It 	827	Workshop was excellent . It was clear and had a smooth flow . It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork / pull - request processes in GitHub . Even without them , still the workshop was awesome . Thanks . 
time to discuss about the fork / pull - request processes 	909	Workshop was excellent . It was clear and had a smooth flow . It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork / pull - request processes in GitHub . Even without them , still the workshop was awesome . Thanks . 
workshop 	1006	Workshop was excellent . It was clear and had a smooth flow . It would have been awesome if we had enough time to discuss about the fork / pull - request processes in GitHub . Even without them , still the workshop was awesome . Thanks . 
last part 	1059	Good job ! . But last part is bit faster , hard to catch up so and start I bit slower so I think it is good to balance the time and do the workshop . 
workshop 	1214	It 's good to have a workshop like this . It will help to improve our knowledge . 
develop our programming challenge project 	1311	I think that 's very use full to develop our programming challenge project and also our object oriented system designing project as a team . You did that workshop perfect speed . Thanks you Company _ y ! . 
speed 	1450	I think that 's very use full to develop our programming challenge project and also our object oriented system designing project as a team . You did that workshop perfect speed . Thanks you Company _ y ! . 
it 	1536	I was unable to attend this workshop . But heard it was good and covered a lot of basics about Git . 
Git 	1582	I was unable to attend this workshop . But heard it was good and covered a lot of basics about Git . 
workshop 	1668	I wanted to learn how to use GIT from about two months . Surprisingly , This workshop taught us how to use GIT . Great Work ! . Thanks ! . 
some of the contents 	1769	We found a little difficult to grab some of the contents since things were demonstrated fast at some points . But it was useful that we got to know about git and github . 
it 	1848	We found a little difficult to grab some of the contents since things were demonstrated fast at some points . But it was useful that we got to know about git and github . 
workshop 	1922	It was a good workshop . But I think if you show us how to work with real big project ( I mean like netbeans project ) with Git , it would be better . But still it was a good workshop . 
big project ( I mean like netbeans project ) with Git , 	1983	It was a good workshop . But I think if you show us how to work with real big project ( I mean like netbeans project ) with Git , it would be better . But still it was a good workshop . 
workshop 	2082	It was a good workshop . But I think if you show us how to work with real big project ( I mean like netbeans project ) with Git , it would be better . But still it was a good workshop . 
It 	2096	It was very useful . But if we fail to follow the lecture for 5 mins it was very difficult to catch up the workshop . It was an excellent workshop . 
workshop 	2236	It was very useful . But if we fail to follow the lecture for 5 mins it was very difficult to catch up the workshop . It was an excellent workshop . 
workshop 	2255	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
workshop 	2421	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
Instructions 	2451	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
practical instructions 	2468	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
some instructions 	2531	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
instructions 	2596	This workshop gave some idea of Software version controller . How to use GIT . I got some ideas to use this for my project . But to be open I 'm not satisfied with this workshop like previous one . Instructions and practical instructions were given fast . I 'm unable to follow some instructions . For upcoming workshop it could be better if instructions are given slower . 
Today 's workshop 	2631	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
some of the important areas 	2743	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
workshop 	2847	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
Today 's workshop 	2631	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
some of the important areas 	2743	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
workshop 	2847	Today 's workshop was really useful . This is a technology that we needed for most of our group projects . But some of the important areas were not properly covered due to time constraints . Overall it was a great workshop . 
workshop 	2882	It was really a good workshop . We got to know about the usage of GIT while working on software projects and many more things . It will be really helpful for us in the future . Thank you . 
GIT 	2928	It was really a good workshop . We got to know about the usage of GIT while working on software projects and many more things . It will be really helpful for us in the future . Thank you . 
It 	2991	It was really a good workshop . We got to know about the usage of GIT while working on software projects and many more things . It will be really helpful for us in the future . Thank you . 
workshop 	3070	It was a good workshop . It would be better if the things are explained slowly . Thank you . 
things 	3108	It was a good workshop . It would be better if the things are explained slowly . Thank you . 
workshop 	3159	This workshop is really better than last two workshops . Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained . And taught everything methodically . 
Explanations 	3212	This workshop is really better than last two workshops . Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained . And taught everything methodically . 
speed 	3245	This workshop is really better than last two workshops . Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained . And taught everything methodically . 
everything 	3285	This workshop is really better than last two workshops . Explanations were very clear and speed was well maintained . And taught everything methodically . 
It 	3314	It was really good . I got to know many thing . It was really helpful . Thank you . 
many thing 	3350	It was really good . I got to know many thing . It was really helpful . Thank you . 
It 	3364	It was really good . I got to know many thing . It was really helpful . Thank you . 
Git 	3449	Had a good understanding about Company _ y and Git . 
Git 	3449	Had a good understanding about Company _ y and Git . 
Git Vcs 	3474	I learned about Git Vcs in this workshop . Thank you very much Company _ y . 
Company _ y 	3522	I learned about Git Vcs in this workshop . Thank you very much Company _ y . 
overall workshop 	3541	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
first half of the workshop 	3586	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
lecturer 	3657	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
later half , 	3680	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
presenter 	3759	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
Github 	3882	The overall workshop was very informative . The first half of the workshop was alright . I was able catch up with the lecturer . But in the later half , it was bit fast and as I was at the back it was hard to go on with presenter . So I ended up giving up on proceeding with my laptop and watch what the lecturer was doing . Because of that Github seemed as little bit complicated process for me to try . It would have been better if you can explain a little bit slower . 
Git - Version Control System Workshop 	4017	Git - Version Control System Workshop done by Company _ y was really interesting session . I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub . The team was very friendly and very helpful . Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us . Hope to have another interesting session with you . 
session 	4095	Git - Version Control System Workshop done by Company _ y was really interesting session . I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub . The team was very friendly and very helpful . Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us . Hope to have another interesting session with you . 
Git 	4153	Git - Version Control System Workshop done by Company _ y was really interesting session . I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub . The team was very friendly and very helpful . Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us . Hope to have another interesting session with you . 
how to work on GitHub 	4161	Git - Version Control System Workshop done by Company _ y was really interesting session . I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub . The team was very friendly and very helpful . Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us . Hope to have another interesting session with you . 
team 	4190	Git - Version Control System Workshop done by Company _ y was really interesting session . I was able to get a very clear knowledge about Git and how to work on GitHub . The team was very friendly and very helpful . Thank you so much for sharing knowledge and experiences with us . Hope to have another interesting session with you . 
workshop 	4439	git is an essential aspect we should be familiar with as computer engineers and the workshop made us take the first step in it . It was informative and enjoyable . 
It 	4485	git is an essential aspect we should be familiar with as computer engineers and the workshop made us take the first step in it . It was informative and enjoyable . 
It 	4523	It was productive . But it would have been better if you explained a bit more about the code towards the last part rather than at the beginning . Thanks for the great workshop ! . 
code 	4612	It was productive . But it would have been better if you explained a bit more about the code towards the last part rather than at the beginning . Thanks for the great workshop ! . 
workshop ! 	4692	It was productive . But it would have been better if you explained a bit more about the code towards the last part rather than at the beginning . Thanks for the great workshop ! . 
lecture 	4788	Thank you for teaching us to use git and github . It is a new experience . The lecture was good and easy to understand . We hope that Company _ y will do more workshops in the future . 
workshops 	4867	Thank you for teaching us to use git and github . It is a new experience . The lecture was good and easy to understand . We hope that Company _ y will do more workshops in the future . 
session on GIT 	4934	It was a very interactive interesting session on GIT . Learned a lot during the limited time and you did your best to cover as much as possible and give us the maximum . Thank you . 
limited time 	4977	It was a very interactive interesting session on GIT . Learned a lot during the limited time and you did your best to cover as much as possible and give us the maximum . Thank you . 
it 	5122	It was a new concept for us . I think it will really help us in the future . 
program 	5189	It was really a fruitful program . We learned how to use git , github properly . Thank you very much for your time for us and hope you 'll do more in future . 
git , 	5222	It was really a fruitful program . We learned how to use git , github properly . Thank you very much for your time for us and hope you 'll do more in future . 
github 	5227	It was really a fruitful program . We learned how to use git , github properly . Thank you very much for your time for us and hope you 'll do more in future . 
workshop 	5330	The workshop was very useful for me . I already had a github account . But I didn 't know to how to use it appropriately . As we are doing our semester project it will be very useful for all of us . Thank you . 
workshop on git and github 	5547	The workshop on git and github was very interactive and we did lot of practicals . I think it was very useful and interesting . 
practicals 	5613	The workshop on git and github was very interactive and we did lot of practicals . I think it was very useful and interesting . 
it 	5635	The workshop on git and github was very interactive and we did lot of practicals . I think it was very useful and interesting . 
workshop 	5753	Thank you for taking your valuable time to do such an informative and helpful workshop for us . 
workshop 	5791	This was a great workshop . It helped us a lot to get to know about git . 
It 	5803	This was a great workshop . It helped us a lot to get to know about git . 
workshop 	5857	Best workshop so far . I have been struggling with GIT for sometime . Due to its weird terminology . Thank you so much . 
workshop 	6008	This was an very interesting workshop which will reduce so much stress when doing group projects . 
Lecture 	6134	It was a new experience . First time I learnt it . Lecture and all instructors are very friendly . They help us lot . Thank you for all . 
all instructors 	6146	It was a new experience . First time I learnt it . Lecture and all instructors are very friendly . They help us lot . Thank you for all . 
workshop 	6231	This workshop really help us to get a better knowledge about git and github . Thank You . 
git 	6287	This workshop really help us to get a better knowledge about git and github . Thank You . 
github 	6295	This workshop really help us to get a better knowledge about git and github . Thank You . 
workshop 	6331	An awesome workshop . We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems . One thing I experienced was I couldn 't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending . This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve . I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems . Each can give an area to focus on . This way they don 't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us . 
Git 	6372	An awesome workshop . We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems . One thing I experienced was I couldn 't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending . This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve . I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems . Each can give an area to focus on . This way they don 't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us . 
version control systems 	6380	An awesome workshop . We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems . One thing I experienced was I couldn 't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending . This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve . I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems . Each can give an area to focus on . This way they don 't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us . 
close to the ending 	6478	An awesome workshop . We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems . One thing I experienced was I couldn 't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending . This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve . I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems . Each can give an area to focus on . This way they don 't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us . 
people to help and resolve our problems 	6629	An awesome workshop . We learned pretty much about Git and version control systems . One thing I experienced was I couldn 't follow the lecturer when it got close to the ending . This happened because I got stuck at one command it took a bit time to resolve . I think it would be better if there were more people to help and resolve our problems . Each can give an area to focus on . This way they don 't need to run around whole the room and can focus more on each and every one of us . 
limited time period 	6833	Did good job with limited time period . It had been better if you would have done it but slowly . 
it 	6898	Did good job with limited time period . It had been better if you would have done it but slowly . 
Workshop 	6917	Workshop was really good . We had no idea about GIT before the workshop . It gave us a clear basic understand on GIT . Thank you very much . 
It 	6993	Workshop was really good . We had no idea about GIT before the workshop . It gave us a clear basic understand on GIT . Thank you very much . 
workshop 	7069	this workshop is really good . 
workshop 	7126	Actually it was a effective workshop . We are new to version controlling systems , so it was great opportunity for us to learn a important new concept . 
version controlling systems , 	7152	Actually it was a effective workshop . We are new to version controlling systems , so it was great opportunity for us to learn a important new concept . 
session on github 	7281	Today we had a very useful session on github . Compared to last week workshop this one is really awesome . I should thank the lecturer for his effort to teach the things so clearly so that everyone could understand . I 'll really appreciate if you can upload the lecture note . 
this one 	7333	Today we had a very useful session on github . Compared to last week workshop this one is really awesome . I should thank the lecturer for his effort to teach the things so clearly so that everyone could understand . I 'll really appreciate if you can upload the lecture note . 
lecture note 	7519	Today we had a very useful session on github . Compared to last week workshop this one is really awesome . I should thank the lecturer for his effort to teach the things so clearly so that everyone could understand . I 'll really appreciate if you can upload the lecture note . 
It 	7537	It was very informative and valuable for us . When we were doing practicals I felt the speed was a little bit too much . 
speed 	7625	It was very informative and valuable for us . When we were doing practicals I felt the speed was a little bit too much . 
new things 	7667	Many new things were learnt within 3 hours . I think that knowledge is very important to us as cse undergraduates . However , I think we need some more clarifications and do presentation slower . Thank you . 
clarifications 	7815	Many new things were learnt within 3 hours . I think that knowledge is very important to us as cse undergraduates . However , I think we need some more clarifications and do presentation slower . Thank you . 
presentation 	7837	Many new things were learnt within 3 hours . I think that knowledge is very important to us as cse undergraduates . However , I think we need some more clarifications and do presentation slower . Thank you . 
workshop 	7879	The workshop is amazing . I knew nothing when I was entering the workshop , but I leave here with a plenty of knowledge about Git and GitHub . Thank you very much . 
Git 	8001	The workshop is amazing . I knew nothing when I was entering the workshop , but I leave here with a plenty of knowledge about Git and GitHub . Thank you very much . 
GitHub 	8009	The workshop is amazing . I knew nothing when I was entering the workshop , but I leave here with a plenty of knowledge about Git and GitHub . Thank you very much . 
workshop 	8108	I 'm very thankful for the GIT workshop for the Company _ y . The workshop was really good and resourceful . But as all the other workshops the end was fast and it was really hard to get anything out the last 30 min of the workshop . Thank you . 
end 	8187	I 'm very thankful for the GIT workshop for the Company _ y . The workshop was really good and resourceful . But as all the other workshops the end was fast and it was really hard to get anything out the last 30 min of the workshop . Thank you . 
last 30 min of the workshop 	8247	I 'm very thankful for the GIT workshop for the Company _ y . The workshop was really good and resourceful . But as all the other workshops the end was fast and it was really hard to get anything out the last 30 min of the workshop . Thank you . 
workshop 	8301	In this workshop we learnt about git . I think it is very useful when we doing group think . Thank you so much for the workshop . 
it 	8341	In this workshop we learnt about git . I think it is very useful when we doing group think . Thank you so much for the workshop . 
workshop 	8475	I wanted to thank you for your workshop . The workshop was excellent . I really enjoyed it . The presenters ( who conducted the workshop ) did a good job . You gave us a good start . Thank you very much again . I 'm looking forward for more work shops from you in the future . 
it 	8518	I wanted to thank you for your workshop . The workshop was excellent . I really enjoyed it . The presenters ( who conducted the workshop ) did a good job . You gave us a good start . Thank you very much again . I 'm looking forward for more work shops from you in the future . 
presenters ( 	8528	I wanted to thank you for your workshop . The workshop was excellent . I really enjoyed it . The presenters ( who conducted the workshop ) did a good job . You gave us a good start . Thank you very much again . I 'm looking forward for more work shops from you in the future . 
presentation 	8732	It was a really good presentation and we learnt a real lot out of it . We highly appreciate the corporation provided by Company _ y and hope for more collaborative work in future as well . Thank you for the workshop . 
it 	8777	It was a really good presentation and we learnt a real lot out of it . We highly appreciate the corporation provided by Company _ y and hope for more collaborative work in future as well . Thank you for the workshop . 
workshop 	9119	Git is very popular online application in IT industry . So for us it very important to know about those things . And it is very useful for our projects also . This is a very important workshop for us . Thank you . 
