Workshop 	0	Workshop was nicely done . Learnt a lot of things . I do not feel that there were errors to point out . Thank you ! . 
things 	44	Workshop was nicely done . Learnt a lot of things . I do not feel that there were errors to point out . Thank you ! . 
workshop 	127	The workshop was good . They were well organized and taught us in a very clear manner . I understood almost all the things they taught . Thank you ! . 
They 	148	The workshop was good . They were well organized and taught us in a very clear manner . I understood almost all the things they taught . Thank you ! . 
things 	241	The workshop was good . They were well organized and taught us in a very clear manner . I understood almost all the things they taught . Thank you ! . 
Workshop 	279	Workshop was perfect . This was the best one of the workshop series . 
one 	321	Workshop was perfect . This was the best one of the workshop series . 
workshop done on git 	357	The workshop done on git was good . 
session 	396	The session was great . Learnt basics of GIT , And this will surely become handy in our OOSD semester project . Thanks a lot Company _ y for all the great sessions . 
basics of GIT , 	424	The session was great . Learnt basics of GIT , And this will surely become handy in our OOSD semester project . Thanks a lot Company _ y for all the great sessions . 
sessions 	546	The session was great . Learnt basics of GIT , And this will surely become handy in our OOSD semester project . Thanks a lot Company _ y for all the great sessions . 
it 	560	it was excellent ! . learnt many new things ! . thank you Company _ y ! . 
new things ! 	593	it was excellent ! . learnt many new things ! . thank you Company _ y ! . 
It 	634	It was really good . It would have been better if you could explain how the version control is done in detail . 
version control 	711	It was really good . It would have been better if you could explain how the version control is done in detail . 
workshop 	755	this workshop was conducted really well . I gained something new . thanks . 
session 	873	It was a very useful session that we could get some idea about Git . 
Git 	915	It was a very useful session that we could get some idea about Git . 
session 	928	the session was well organized and it was easy to understand . thanks . 
workshop flow 	1004	The workshop flow was very good . The facilitators did the workshop in a very good pace . Job well done ! . 
facilitators 	1039	The workshop flow was very good . The facilitators did the workshop in a very good pace . Job well done ! . 
Job 	1092	The workshop flow was very good . The facilitators did the workshop in a very good pace . Job well done ! . 
Workshop 	1112	Workshop was really good and it was a good opportunity to get some idea about github . Thank you for your great help for us . 
github 	1190	Workshop was really good and it was a good opportunity to get some idea about github . Thank you for your great help for us . 
It 	1242	It was really helpful . 
session 	1274	This session will be helpful for our project . Thank you all . 
Workshop 	1336	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
Presentations 	1382	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
git 	1453	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
two lectures 	1464	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
git 	1506	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
time given for the demos by 1st lecturer 	1521	Workshop was really useful and interesting . Presentations were good and they will be useful for further studies of git . The two lectures were audible and clear about git . But the time given for the demos by 1st lecturer was too much and second lecturer was not enough . 
real world applications , 	1646	I think if you could give some real world applications , examples it may be very useful , . 
examples 	1671	I think if you could give some real world applications , examples it may be very useful , . 
git explanations 	1712	the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure . Many was confused with directory structures . PS : . please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays . 
explaining git using Linux 	1743	the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure . Many was confused with directory structures . PS : . please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays . 
Many 	1821	the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure . Many was confused with directory structures . PS : . please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays . 
directory structures 	1844	the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure . Many was confused with directory structures . PS : . please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays . 
quiz closing date 	1893	the git explanations were good but explaining git using Linux for a largely Windows based crowd was a failure . Many was confused with directory structures . PS : . please extend the quiz closing date since we often fail to do the quiz in time due to university functions that happens in Saturdays . 
Today 's workshop 	2013	Today 's workshop was great . The resource persons taught the learning materials very clearly . We hope that they would continue this for upcoming years too . We are really thankful about today 's GIT session . 
resource persons 	2047	Today 's workshop was great . The resource persons taught the learning materials very clearly . We hope that they would continue this for upcoming years too . We are really thankful about today 's GIT session . 
today 's GIT session 	2203	Today 's workshop was great . The resource persons taught the learning materials very clearly . We hope that they would continue this for upcoming years too . We are really thankful about today 's GIT session . 
presentation 	2259	Was an interesting and helpful presentation . Learnt a lot from the workshop . 
workshop 	2297	Was an interesting and helpful presentation . Learnt a lot from the workshop . 
session 	2317	Great session . Actually we learnt lot of things about Git and how to use it to version controlling . This session help me to get a strong base to learn version controlling . Thanks . Really appreciate . 
things about Git 	2354	Great session . Actually we learnt lot of things about Git and how to use it to version controlling . This session help me to get a strong base to learn version controlling . Thanks . Really appreciate . 
session 	2420	Great session . Actually we learnt lot of things about Git and how to use it to version controlling . This session help me to get a strong base to learn version controlling . Thanks . Really appreciate . 
workshop 	2541	It was really nice workshop . Almost all the fundamentals were discussed in such a way that we can grab maximum of that . 
workshop 	2671	It was well structured workshop . I found it very useful . 
it 	2691	It was well structured workshop . I found it very useful . 
session 	2743	The session was fine . But couldn 't catch up with the lecturer after cloning the repository from github . Think it 's my fault . 
things 	2889	I learnt lots of things from the workshop . thanks . 
workshop 	2941	Really good workshop . Learnt a lot . Thank you very much . 
session 	2998	The session was very useful to get understand about git concept . I have learnt a lot of things . The session was well planned and clear . Thank you . 
things 	3084	The session was very useful to get understand about git concept . I have learnt a lot of things . The session was well planned and clear . Thank you . 
session 	3098	The session was very useful to get understand about git concept . I have learnt a lot of things . The session was well planned and clear . Thank you . 
session today 	3155	The session today was really helpful . I learnt many new things from this session . The way they presented helped me to easily grasp the concepts of the today 's session . Thank you very much for giving us this valuable opportunity . 
new things 	3205	The session today was really helpful . I learnt many new things from this session . The way they presented helped me to easily grasp the concepts of the today 's session . Thank you very much for giving us this valuable opportunity . 
way they presented 	3241	The session today was really helpful . I learnt many new things from this session . The way they presented helped me to easily grasp the concepts of the today 's session . Thank you very much for giving us this valuable opportunity . 
git ! 	3421	I learnt a lot of things about git ! . A good workshop . 
workshop 	3436	I learnt a lot of things about git ! . A good workshop . 
workshop 	3454	the workshop was very useful to me . Again thank you to Company _ y . 
introduction part 	3533	Though the introduction part was little boring , rest of the workshop was well organized . It gave us a valuable knowledge . It would be better if you could conduct your workshop next year for our junior batch as well . 
rest of the workshop 	3570	Though the introduction part was little boring , rest of the workshop was well organized . It gave us a valuable knowledge . It would be better if you could conduct your workshop next year for our junior batch as well . 
It 	3613	Though the introduction part was little boring , rest of the workshop was well organized . It gave us a valuable knowledge . It would be better if you could conduct your workshop next year for our junior batch as well . 
underlying concepts of version control 	3938	This is one of the most important lessons I 've ever had . I 've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it . Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control . Now I 'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients . I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 're base ' and 'm erge ' . Please thank Company _ y on behalf of me . : ) . 
it 	4011	This is one of the most important lessons I 've ever had . I 've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it . Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control . Now I 'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients . I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 're base ' and 'm erge ' . Please thank Company _ y on behalf of me . : ) . 
base ' 	4146	This is one of the most important lessons I 've ever had . I 've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it . Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control . Now I 'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients . I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 're base ' and 'm erge ' . Please thank Company _ y on behalf of me . : ) . 
erge ' 	4158	This is one of the most important lessons I 've ever had . I 've been using git for more than 1 year but I had never used the command line and neither I understood it . Today I understood the underlying concepts of version control . Now I 'm a little familiar with it and I feel it has more power than the various GUI GIT clients . I suggest that it would have been awesome if they had explained 're base ' and 'm erge ' . Please thank Company _ y on behalf of me . : ) . 
it 	4218	it was great and m gonna use it for my projects . 
git 	4271	git was totally new thing to me . It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git . Hope this would help in OOSD project . The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day . Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy . 
session 	4326	git was totally new thing to me . It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git . Hope this would help in OOSD project . The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day . Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy . 
git 	4381	git was totally new thing to me . It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git . Hope this would help in OOSD project . The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day . Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy . 
session 	4432	git was totally new thing to me . It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git . Hope this would help in OOSD project . The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day . Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy . 
presenters 	4520	git was totally new thing to me . It was quite a good session which gave the opportunity to get our hands on git . Hope this would help in OOSD project . The session could have been more effective if it was not held only in one day . Having the presenters for two or more days would make the catching up easy . 
workshop 	4603	It was a good workshop . Their speed is pretty good for understand . Presenter could explain every and each point very well and in attractive manner . 
Their speed 	4615	It was a good workshop . Their speed is pretty good for understand . Presenter could explain every and each point very well and in attractive manner . 
Presenter 	4660	It was a good workshop . Their speed is pretty good for understand . Presenter could explain every and each point very well and in attractive manner . 
Workshop 	4745	Workshop was really great and we learned a lot about using git . It was a great help that Company _ y provided us with . 
using git 	4798	Workshop was really great and we learned a lot about using git . It was a great help that Company _ y provided us with . 
session 	4896	Interesting and very useful session . Thank you . 
it 's 	4931	Good but it 's little fast . 
it 	4969	It is better if it is done more descriptively . 
