time to read the whole chapters from the recommended book 	17	There is no much time to read the whole chapters from the recommended book and study with workload we have . 
design patterns 	137	It 's better to teach the design patterns from the beginning of the semester . It 's somewhat difficult to learn them when all of them are taught in 2 days . 
scenarios 	276	The scenarios and the examples discussed in the class helped a lot to understand the concepts . It is a good way of teaching . 
examples 	294	The scenarios and the examples discussed in the class helped a lot to understand the concepts . It is a good way of teaching . 
way of teaching 	382	The scenarios and the examples discussed in the class helped a lot to understand the concepts . It is a good way of teaching . 
workload 	415	We had huge workload . I propose to reduce workload little bit . 
lecture series 	494	I really enjoyed this lecture series . 
slides prepared by you for first 4 lectures 	563	Madam it will be very helpful if you can provide slides prepared by you for first 4 lectures . Because text book is very detailed and it 's difficult to remind all the facts . If we have a slide set we can use it as a short note . 
text book 	618	Madam it will be very helpful if you can provide slides prepared by you for first 4 lectures . Because text book is very detailed and it 's difficult to remind all the facts . If we have a slide set we can use it as a short note . 
lecturer 	764	Overall a good lecturer hope to see in upcoming semesters . 
lecture slides 	844	it 's better if we could get the lecture slides . 
lectures 	868	The lectures were good and interesting . Thank you madam for the effort put forward in teaching us this subject . 
project evaluations 	1002	I think it 's better project evaluations are more focus on business logic and discuss how to improve the quality of designing more . 
lecture series , 	1131	It was a good lecture series , But I think it will be better if we discuss about more practical application that use those methods . 
practical application 	1202	It was a good lecture series , But I think it will be better if we discuss about more practical application that use those methods . 
Lecturer 	1252	Lecturer had able to explain the subject well . 
course 	1331	Actually whole course were fine . 
madam 	1416	you are One of the best lecture in our department . Thank you madam . 
They 	1533	As I suggested in feedback for Principles of OOP module you gave us example solutions for the problems . They were really helpful . 
lectures 	1563	lectures was good . 
Lecture series 	1586	Lecture series were good . And the workload were reasonable . 
workload 	1622	Lecture series were good . And the workload were reasonable . 
Speed of some theory parts 	1652	Speed of some theory parts are high . 
course 	1757	Overall compared to other courses I would like to say that this course is very good and well organized . 
Lecturer 	1801	Lecturer was good . And lecture series could be recommended as good . But it 's better if you can reduce the workload . 
lecture series 	1826	Lecturer was good . And lecture series could be recommended as good . But it 's better if you can reduce the workload . 
workload 	1912	Lecturer was good . And lecture series could be recommended as good . But it 's better if you can reduce the workload . 
Lecture 	1926	Lecture was good . Apart from punctuality , there was no issue with the lecture . The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable . 
punctuality , 	1957	Lecture was good . Apart from punctuality , there was no issue with the lecture . The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable . 
content 	2013	Lecture was good . Apart from punctuality , there was no issue with the lecture . The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable . 
way it was taught 	2038	Lecture was good . Apart from punctuality , there was no issue with the lecture . The content was good and the way it was taught was really and understandable . 
Workload 	2091	Workload is high . 
group project 	2124	Giving the group project to test and apply what we learnt was really great idea . Although the report writing part seemed annoying when doing it , when we began to study for the end examination it was really useful . So I recommend the same things done to my junior batch and add more exercises if possible . : ) . 
report writing part 	2209	Giving the group project to test and apply what we learnt was really great idea . Although the report writing part seemed annoying when doing it , when we began to study for the end examination it was really useful . So I recommend the same things done to my junior batch and add more exercises if possible . : ) . 
it 	2307	Giving the group project to test and apply what we learnt was really great idea . Although the report writing part seemed annoying when doing it , when we began to study for the end examination it was really useful . So I recommend the same things done to my junior batch and add more exercises if possible . : ) . 
it 	2677	I would really like if the all modules are like this module . Learning a lot of theory is useless if we don 't . Know how to apply them . Since we have the chance to apply the knowledge of what we gained from lectures to the semester project it was a really good learning experience . We got a better understanding through the project by applying the concept we learn to develop our own software . For me , I find it is really interesting to learn concept by applying them to our work . So I can improve myself my programming with quality and best practices . Thank you madam for the effort you put throughout the semester . 
project 	2763	I would really like if the all modules are like this module . Learning a lot of theory is useless if we don 't . Know how to apply them . Since we have the chance to apply the knowledge of what we gained from lectures to the semester project it was a really good learning experience . We got a better understanding through the project by applying the concept we learn to develop our own software . For me , I find it is really interesting to learn concept by applying them to our work . So I can improve myself my programming with quality and best practices . Thank you madam for the effort you put throughout the semester . 
time ( 45 min ) to demo our final projects , 	3152	Madam , If you can give more time ( 45 min ) to demo our final projects , it 's good for student side . 
exercises in design patterns 	3255	It is better to do some more exercises in design patterns during the class . But lecture was conducted in a good way . Lecture series helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in OOSD during the lesson . 
lecture 	3308	It is better to do some more exercises in design patterns during the class . But lecture was conducted in a good way . Lecture series helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in OOSD during the lesson . 
Lecture series 	3347	It is better to do some more exercises in design patterns during the class . But lecture was conducted in a good way . Lecture series helped me a lot to improve my knowledge in OOSD during the lesson . 
projects 	3433	projects and continuous assessments was helpful to identify my weaknesses . 
continuous assessments 	3446	projects and continuous assessments was helpful to identify my weaknesses . 
lectures 	3524	Overall the lectures were all good . 
problems 	3593	It will be better if we can discuss more problems in the class . 
lecturer 	3659	Sometimes I cannot understand what the lecturer told because of the speed of the lecture . 
speed of the lecture 	3688	Sometimes I cannot understand what the lecturer told because of the speed of the lecture . 
explanation using examples 	3724	Need more explanation using examples . 
passion you teach 	4154	At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row , I think I have missed things , that you teach because of the distractions I worked with . I thought the book is too much . But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing , but day today examples that everyone can understand . Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly , Actually the passion you teach is very good , the examples that you took out from the industry , your working experience and the jokes that made ( some jokes are beyond my limit ) . everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career . And the most important thing is madam your availability to us , Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you . Because we might not get problems during the lecture time . Every time after a mid exam , you have discussed the paper in next class . That is perfect . That helps to correct our mistakes , and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question . Because different people has different views to the same problem . So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems . Thank you madam , . 
everything 	4320	At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row , I think I have missed things , that you teach because of the distractions I worked with . I thought the book is too much . But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing , but day today examples that everyone can understand . Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly , Actually the passion you teach is very good , the examples that you took out from the industry , your working experience and the jokes that made ( some jokes are beyond my limit ) . everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career . And the most important thing is madam your availability to us , Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you . Because we might not get problems during the lecture time . Every time after a mid exam , you have discussed the paper in next class . That is perfect . That helps to correct our mistakes , and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question . Because different people has different views to the same problem . So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems . Thank you madam , . 
your availability 	4422	At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row , I think I have missed things , that you teach because of the distractions I worked with . I thought the book is too much . But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing , but day today examples that everyone can understand . Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly , Actually the passion you teach is very good , the examples that you took out from the industry , your working experience and the jokes that made ( some jokes are beyond my limit ) . everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career . And the most important thing is madam your availability to us , Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you . Because we might not get problems during the lecture time . Every time after a mid exam , you have discussed the paper in next class . That is perfect . That helps to correct our mistakes , and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question . Because different people has different views to the same problem . So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems . Thank you madam , . 
That 	4645	At the very beginning I always used to be in the back row , I think I have missed things , that you teach because of the distractions I worked with . I thought the book is too much . But When I got to read the book I realized that the book contains nothing , but day today examples that everyone can understand . Then I moved to the front rows to interact with the subject properly , Actually the passion you teach is very good , the examples that you took out from the industry , your working experience and the jokes that made ( some jokes are beyond my limit ) . everything contains some valuable thing regarding our career . And the most important thing is madam your availability to us , Nobody afraid to go and share the subject matters with you . Because we might not get problems during the lecture time . Every time after a mid exam , you have discussed the paper in next class . That is perfect . That helps to correct our mistakes , and to get proper idea of your point of view to the question . Because different people has different views to the same problem . So we were able to create a common good view by discussing the problems . Thank you madam , . 
Lecturer 	4929	Lecturer could be recommended ad good . 
subject content 	4984	I think the subject content is bit too large . Especially the book is not easy to read and memorize . 
book 	5035	I think the subject content is bit too large . Especially the book is not easy to read and memorize . 
Lecture series 	5078	Lecture series was conducted well . It 's better if we could do more questions before the final exam . 
questions 	5147	Lecture series was conducted well . It 's better if we could do more questions before the final exam . 
lecture series 	5184	lecture series was good . 
Lecture 	5213	Lecture was good and motivated us to read the textbook and learn from it a lot . 
speed of teaching 	5326	Better if you can reduce the speed of teaching madam . For me it was difficult to understand the facts . Specially design patterns . 
design patterns 	5414	Better if you can reduce the speed of teaching madam . For me it was difficult to understand the facts . Specially design patterns . 
lecture 	5467	I got useful knowledge from the lecture . 
Examples 	5480	Examples are very good ( especially for design patterns ) . You and Mrs. Lecturer _ y did a great series of lectures . Thank you . 
You 	5539	Examples are very good ( especially for design patterns ) . You and Mrs. Lecturer _ y did a great series of lectures . Thank you . 
Mrs. Lecturer _ y 	5547	Examples are very good ( especially for design patterns ) . You and Mrs. Lecturer _ y did a great series of lectures . Thank you . 
lectures 	5585	Examples are very good ( especially for design patterns ) . You and Mrs. Lecturer _ y did a great series of lectures . Thank you . 
examples 	5676	You taught in the best way with OSD as I feel . Using everyday examples to emphasize theoretical points is appreciative as then we can easily grasp it . 
Overall lecture series 	5769	Overall lecture series is good . But I guess it would be better if the content is less and present it in more attractive way . 
lecture series 	5904	The lecture series was well structured and organized . 
textbook 	6044	there is no need to have all practical days for his semester . And it is good to use textbook for this semester . 
Lecture series 	6076	Lecture series could be recommended as very good . It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept . 
time to discuss examples on each concept 	6165	Lecture series could be recommended as very good . It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept . 
Lecture series 	6076	Lecture series could be recommended as very good . It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept . 
time to discuss examples on each concept 	6165	Lecture series could be recommended as very good . It would be more better to have more time to discuss examples on each concept . 
lecture series 	6211	lecture series was good . After the Group project , we learnt much more things about the subject . 
Group project , 	6248	lecture series was good . After the Group project , we learnt much more things about the subject . 
lecturer 	6335	The lecturer was really kind and soft . 
Speed of the lecture 	6374	Speed of the lecture was rather high . It will be helpful if more examples were discussed in the class . 
examples 	6441	Speed of the lecture was rather high . It will be helpful if more examples were discussed in the class . 
it 's 	6483	it 's good . 
lecture series 	6523	Actually this was a good lecture series . 
Design pattern explanations 	6543	Design pattern explanations were clear and the examples were great ! . If that kind of approach was taken to the other lectures also , then it would have been easier to understand them . 
examples 	6590	Design pattern explanations were clear and the examples were great ! . If that kind of approach was taken to the other lectures also , then it would have been easier to understand them . 
lecture series 	6736	The lecture series was good and well taught . Better if the workload ( Syllabus ) was less . It was very hard to manage such a workload with other subjects . 
workload ( 	6793	The lecture series was good and well taught . Better if the workload ( Syllabus ) was less . It was very hard to manage such a workload with other subjects . 
lecturer 	7013	One of the great lecturer I met in my life . Thank you for your support and kind advice . 
different examples 	7110	Please do some more different examples . 
Lecter series 	7139	This Lecter series can be recommend as better than OOP . More than Oop lecture OOSD lectr did encouraged me to study . Even last raw people were praised for good ideas . 
OOSD lectr 	7214	This Lecter series can be recommend as better than OOP . More than Oop lecture OOSD lectr did encouraged me to study . Even last raw people were praised for good ideas . 
practical exercises 	7343	It is better if you can give more practical exercises for every sections . Like we did in Flexi Taxi example . 
lecture series 	7441	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
this lecture 	7489	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
examples 	7548	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
time 	7654	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
latter part of the lecture series 	7784	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
lecture 	7924	It is was a good lecture series . There are some improvement in this lecture with respect to previous lecture ( OOP ) . The examples given were very clear and can understand since they were well explained . But in some parts the time is not enough to understand and take down notes . ( I know that it is not your fault but problem with the syllabus ) . The latter part of the lecture series is the best part . ( design pattern ) . Dear madam thank you for your commitment for conducting a great lecture . 
examples on design patterns 	7942	More examples on design patterns would have been helpful . 
necessary examples 	8003	The necessary examples provided was very useful to understand the concepts . If we had more time it would be better to take down necessary notes . 
time 	8092	The necessary examples provided was very useful to understand the concepts . If we had more time it would be better to take down necessary notes . 
lectures 	8154	The lectures were really helpful . Thank you madam . 
lecture series 	8221	I enjoyed the lecture series . 
lecture series 	8241	lecture series was quite good / . 
Lecture series 	8278	Lecture series was very organized . Lecture topics was discussed clearly and understandably . 
Lecture topics 	8315	Lecture series was very organized . Lecture topics was discussed clearly and understandably . 
this course 	8440	We learned an important software development methodology out of this course and Group project was also a new experience . 
Group project 	8456	We learned an important software development methodology out of this course and Group project was also a new experience . 
examples on relevant theory parts 	8546	It is better if there are more examples on relevant theory parts using any language like java . 
design pattern lesson 	8618	For design pattern lesson add more example in real world discus or give answers for that . 
example in real world 	8649	For design pattern lesson add more example in real world discus or give answers for that . 
design pattern practice labs 	8724	It is better if design pattern practice labs were held . 
series of lectures 	8782	It was a nice series of lectures . Thanks madam . : - ) . 
lecture series 	8835	Good lecture series . Really good slides also . 
slides 	8865	Good lecture series . Really good slides also . 
lecture series 	8886	The lecture series was good . 
lecture series 	8919	The lecture series was in general good . I personally found it hard to read one whole chapter every week . For operating systems also we have a chapter to read and I know it is not an excuse . But it was my experience that I found it a bit hard . 
examples 	9177	Few more examples would be great . 
