It 	67	They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique . It will be very useful in future . But the later part they done ( apache maven ) was not clear . I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven . Overall I think they did a good job . 
later part they done ( apache maven ) 	111	They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique . It will be very useful in future . But the later part they done ( apache maven ) was not clear . I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven . Overall I think they did a good job . 
they 	172	They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique . It will be very useful in future . But the later part they done ( apache maven ) was not clear . I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven . Overall I think they did a good job . 
they 	270	They introduced a new IDE along with the unit testing technique . It will be very useful in future . But the later part they done ( apache maven ) was not clear . I think they should have taught more techniques involving programming instead of maven . Overall I think they did a good job . 
unit testing 	337	it was helpful to gain a basic idea about unit testing and other tools . But last part of the session was little bit confusing to understand . ( about Maven ) . 
last part of the session 	373	it was helpful to gain a basic idea about unit testing and other tools . But last part of the session was little bit confusing to understand . ( about Maven ) . 
session 	465	The session was not as good as the last week 's session . The delivery of content was too fast and the presenter must have thought we already know most of the things which has been presented in the session . It would have been more effective if the session was delivered a little bit slower so the audience can gasp the full content of the workshop . 
delivery of content 	523	The session was not as good as the last week 's session . The delivery of content was too fast and the presenter must have thought we already know most of the things which has been presented in the session . It would have been more effective if the session was delivered a little bit slower so the audience can gasp the full content of the workshop . 
session 	711	The session was not as good as the last week 's session . The delivery of content was too fast and the presenter must have thought we already know most of the things which has been presented in the session . It would have been more effective if the session was delivered a little bit slower so the audience can gasp the full content of the workshop . 
latter part of the lecture 	840	Couldn 't understand the latter part of the lecture . It 's better if you can conduct the lectures slowly in next sessions . 
lectures 	905	Couldn 't understand the latter part of the lecture . It 's better if you can conduct the lectures slowly in next sessions . 
Workshop 	943	Workshop was good . But if the content was bit more detailed , it would have been better . 
content 	975	Workshop was good . But if the content was bit more detailed , it would have been better . 
IDE part 	1041	The IDE part was good . But the other part was not clear as it was totally new area for me . So it is good if you can explain it in more detail manner starting from the things most of us know . 
other part 	1070	The IDE part was good . But the other part was not clear as it was totally new area for me . So it is good if you can explain it in more detail manner starting from the things most of us know . 
it 	1165	The IDE part was good . But the other part was not clear as it was totally new area for me . So it is good if you can explain it in more detail manner starting from the things most of us know . 
workshop 	1240	The workshop was helpful . But it would 've been better if they started the workshop by giving a basic introduction of how to use the tool . 
workshop 	1312	The workshop was helpful . But it would 've been better if they started the workshop by giving a basic introduction of how to use the tool . 
It 	1380	It was useful . But I was unable to catch the content well . 
content 	1427	It was useful . But I was unable to catch the content well . 
workshop 	1449	the workshop was not that much felt . 
workshop 	1499	Actually the workshop was interesting but I think the Build tools part and continuous integration part was bit unclear . 
Build tools part 	1540	Actually the workshop was interesting but I think the Build tools part and continuous integration part was bit unclear . 
continuous integration part 	1561	Actually the workshop was interesting but I think the Build tools part and continuous integration part was bit unclear . 
Maven 	1637	I got some knowledge about Maven . But it was too fast . 
it 	1650	I got some knowledge about Maven . But it was too fast . 
them 	1747	Thank you for your kind guidance . It is very helpful to get to know about them . But I did not understand some . Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear . I think it 's because I 'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told . So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture . So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand ( step by step ) . Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand , give us enough time to try them in our own ( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned ) . I am really thankful to you , for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us . Keep up your good work . Thank you again . 
lecture slides 	1806	Thank you for your kind guidance . It is very helpful to get to know about them . But I did not understand some . Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear . I think it 's because I 'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told . So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture . So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand ( step by step ) . Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand , give us enough time to try them in our own ( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned ) . I am really thankful to you , for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us . Keep up your good work . Thank you again . 
lecture 	1979	Thank you for your kind guidance . It is very helpful to get to know about them . But I did not understand some . Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear . I think it 's because I 'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told . So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture . So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand ( step by step ) . Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand , give us enough time to try them in our own ( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned ) . I am really thankful to you , for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us . Keep up your good work . Thank you again . 
details to the slides 	2030	Thank you for your kind guidance . It is very helpful to get to know about them . But I did not understand some . Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear . I think it 's because I 'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told . So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture . So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand ( step by step ) . Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand , give us enough time to try them in our own ( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned ) . I am really thankful to you , for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us . Keep up your good work . Thank you again . 
those tools 	2130	Thank you for your kind guidance . It is very helpful to get to know about them . But I did not understand some . Also I found that lecture slides are not detailed and clear . I think it 's because I 'm completely new and did not know terms and things you just told . So I had trouble to keep up with the lecture . So I think it is better if you add more details to the slides and make it easy to understand ( step by step ) . Since most of us do not know those tools beforehand , give us enough time to try them in our own ( not just unit testing using IntelliJ Idea but every other tool that you mentioned ) . I am really thankful to you , for spend your time on us and share your knowledge with us . Keep up your good work . Thank you again . 
session 	2443	It has been a useful session . No doubt about that . But I hope it could be much better if the relevant java files provided or part of the file is given . So we could change and do necessary modifications to that and learn through it . I never knew how to use build tools like maven . But now I know about it into some extent . Thank you . 
relevant java files 	2519	It has been a useful session . No doubt about that . But I hope it could be much better if the relevant java files provided or part of the file is given . So we could change and do necessary modifications to that and learn through it . I never knew how to use build tools like maven . But now I know about it into some extent . Thank you . 
its 	2771	its was useful . the last lecture was too fast , couldn 't keep up with it . So please slow down next time . 
last lecture 	2793	its was useful . the last lecture was too fast , couldn 't keep up with it . So please slow down next time . 
session 	2897	Overall great session . Thanks . 
unit testing part 	2930	unit testing part was clear but I didn 't understand anything about maven . 
maven 	2997	unit testing part was clear but I didn 't understand anything about maven . 
Workshop 	3008	Workshop was OK . The problem was with the speed . Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace . To make the matter worst , we didn 't had the chance to use maven . ( Because of some wifi problem ) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn . To me , the problem was that I didn 't even had any idea about the things you taught . So it took time to get the things into the head . That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast . Thank you very much . 
speed 	3052	Workshop was OK . The problem was with the speed . Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace . To make the matter worst , we didn 't had the chance to use maven . ( Because of some wifi problem ) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn . To me , the problem was that I didn 't even had any idea about the things you taught . So it took time to get the things into the head . That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast . Thank you very much . 
important stuff 	3073	Workshop was OK . The problem was with the speed . Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace . To make the matter worst , we didn 't had the chance to use maven . ( Because of some wifi problem ) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn . To me , the problem was that I didn 't even had any idea about the things you taught . So it took time to get the things into the head . That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast . Thank you very much . 
session 	3253	Workshop was OK . The problem was with the speed . Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace . To make the matter worst , we didn 't had the chance to use maven . ( Because of some wifi problem ) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn . To me , the problem was that I didn 't even had any idea about the things you taught . So it took time to get the things into the head . That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast . Thank you very much . 
session 	3468	Workshop was OK . The problem was with the speed . Most of the important stuff was said at quite a pace . To make the matter worst , we didn 't had the chance to use maven . ( Because of some wifi problem ) Though there were some problems the session had many things to learn . To me , the problem was that I didn 't even had any idea about the things you taught . So it took time to get the things into the head . That may be the reason for me saying that session was too fast . Thank you very much . 
workshop 	3522	This workshop is fine . But the last section was run very fast . I could not understand about 'm aven ' . But workshop is so good and be motivate for me . 
last section 	3550	This workshop is fine . But the last section was run very fast . I could not understand about 'm aven ' . But workshop is so good and be motivate for me . 
aven ' 	3615	This workshop is fine . But the last section was run very fast . I could not understand about 'm aven ' . But workshop is so good and be motivate for me . 
workshop 	3628	This workshop is fine . But the last section was run very fast . I could not understand about 'm aven ' . But workshop is so good and be motivate for me . 
maven , 	3783	Before I didn 't know any things about those things . But after your session I got lots of knowledge about maven , junit . 
junit 	3790	Before I didn 't know any things about those things . But after your session I got lots of knowledge about maven , junit . 
This session 	3801	This session is good . 
maven 	3847	Got some idea about maven and how to use IntelliJ . But it would be better if you can explain more about maven in detail . 
IntelliJ 	3868	Got some idea about maven and how to use IntelliJ . But it would be better if you can explain more about maven in detail . 
maven 	3933	Got some idea about maven and how to use IntelliJ . But it would be better if you can explain more about maven in detail . 
workshop 	3959	This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas , Junit , Maven and continuous integration . 
Ideas , 	4012	This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas , Junit , Maven and continuous integration . 
Junit , 	4019	This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas , Junit , Maven and continuous integration . 
Maven 	4026	This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas , Junit , Maven and continuous integration . 
continuous integration 	4036	This workshop was very helpful for us to understand about Ideas , Junit , Maven and continuous integration . 
some of the points 	4082	I was confused in some of the points that they describe since it is too fast . Sometimes it hardly audible ! . However I learnt a lot of things from this workshop . 
it 	4154	I was confused in some of the points that they describe since it is too fast . Sometimes it hardly audible ! . However I learnt a lot of things from this workshop . 
workshop 	4219	I was confused in some of the points that they describe since it is too fast . Sometimes it hardly audible ! . However I learnt a lot of things from this workshop . 
Session 	4233	Session was good . Voice was clear to understand . Presenters did their best to give us knowledge . 
Voice 	4253	Session was good . Voice was clear to understand . Presenters did their best to give us knowledge . 
Presenters 	4286	Session was good . Voice was clear to understand . Presenters did their best to give us knowledge . 
workshop 	4338	workshop was very useful . We learnt a lot of things . 
things 	4385	workshop was very useful . We learnt a lot of things . 
Workshop 	4409	More useful Workshop . Thanks for Company _ y and our academic staff . 
IntelliJ idea 	4493	we got a basic idea of IntelliJ idea . There were some places that I still have some doubts of . Some how the instructors helped us a lot in many difficulties we faced with the IDE during the workshop . 
some places 	4521	we got a basic idea of IntelliJ idea . There were some places that I still have some doubts of . Some how the instructors helped us a lot in many difficulties we faced with the IDE during the workshop . 
instructors 	4582	we got a basic idea of IntelliJ idea . There were some places that I still have some doubts of . Some how the instructors helped us a lot in many difficulties we faced with the IDE during the workshop . 
MySQL workshop 	4678	MySQL workshop was way better than this one . We gained almost nothing from this . It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop . I hope this workshop will be better next year . 
this 	4755	MySQL workshop was way better than this one . We gained almost nothing from this . It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop . I hope this workshop will be better next year . 
It 	4763	MySQL workshop was way better than this one . We gained almost nothing from this . It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop . I hope this workshop will be better next year . 
lecture 	4825	MySQL workshop was way better than this one . We gained almost nothing from this . It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop . I hope this workshop will be better next year . 
workshop 	4895	MySQL workshop was way better than this one . We gained almost nothing from this . It was too boring and it was really hard to catch up with the lecture because we knew nothing prior to this workshop . I hope this workshop will be better next year . 
It 	4934	It was good . But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough . If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better . Other than that it was good . 
concepts about Maven 	4957	It was good . But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough . If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better . Other than that it was good . 
time 	5010	It was good . But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough . If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better . Other than that it was good . 
it 	5101	It was good . But the concepts about Maven was not clear enough . If more time was allocated for explaining about Maven it would have been better . Other than that it was good . 
it 	5126	Overall it was good . But I have an unclear picture about maven . 
maven 	5177	Overall it was good . But I have an unclear picture about maven . 
time 	5292	Since almost all matters discussed were new , except for IDEs ' , they would have done a great job if more time was available . Reasons behind using dev tools were understood , but not their functions . This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them . 
Reasons behind using dev tools 	5314	Since almost all matters discussed were new , except for IDEs ' , they would have done a great job if more time was available . Reasons behind using dev tools were understood , but not their functions . This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them . 
session 	5394	Since almost all matters discussed were new , except for IDEs ' , they would have done a great job if more time was available . Reasons behind using dev tools were understood , but not their functions . This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them . 
content 	5436	Since almost all matters discussed were new , except for IDEs ' , they would have done a great job if more time was available . Reasons behind using dev tools were understood , but not their functions . This session could have been more clear if the content was provided even before hand so that we could refer about them and get an idea about them . 
Session 	5540	Session was conducted wonderfully . I appreciate your commitment and dedication . Thank you for sharing your valuable time with us . However I have a suggestion . Today lot of students faced trouble in installing and using maven . Actually from that point onward we seemed to lost focus and intention . I think if you informed us that we need to do this and this steps even after installation to make the environment of the software ready for use , it would have been better . We can install and come with the several softwares you ask , but if we are not familiar with it previously , we do not know whether it need more attention or work . Thank you ! . 
installing and using maven 	5746	Session was conducted wonderfully . I appreciate your commitment and dedication . Thank you for sharing your valuable time with us . However I have a suggestion . Today lot of students faced trouble in installing and using maven . Actually from that point onward we seemed to lost focus and intention . I think if you informed us that we need to do this and this steps even after installation to make the environment of the software ready for use , it would have been better . We can install and come with the several softwares you ask , but if we are not familiar with it previously , we do not know whether it need more attention or work . Thank you ! . 
steps even after installation to make the environment 	5909	Session was conducted wonderfully . I appreciate your commitment and dedication . Thank you for sharing your valuable time with us . However I have a suggestion . Today lot of students faced trouble in installing and using maven . Actually from that point onward we seemed to lost focus and intention . I think if you informed us that we need to do this and this steps even after installation to make the environment of the software ready for use , it would have been better . We can install and come with the several softwares you ask , but if we are not familiar with it previously , we do not know whether it need more attention or work . Thank you ! . 
programming tools 	6242	I think it is very good to learn about programming tools . I learn lot of new things from that . Thank you for that . 
new things 	6278	I think it is very good to learn about programming tools . I learn lot of new things from that . Thank you for that . 
workshop 	6381	As we are getting ready to work with the industry this workshop was very useful . I got a very clear idea about the concepts . 
concepts 	6443	As we are getting ready to work with the industry this workshop was very useful . I got a very clear idea about the concepts . 
time 	6462	More time should be allocated for this module . Workshop was ok . But they could 've done better if there was more time . As a passionate Computer Science student , I found the session very interesting . 
Workshop 	6506	More time should be allocated for this module . Workshop was ok . But they could 've done better if there was more time . As a passionate Computer Science student , I found the session very interesting . 
time 	6573	More time should be allocated for this module . Workshop was ok . But they could 've done better if there was more time . As a passionate Computer Science student , I found the session very interesting . 
session 	6635	More time should be allocated for this module . Workshop was ok . But they could 've done better if there was more time . As a passionate Computer Science student , I found the session very interesting . 
Last part of the workshop 	6665	Last part of the workshop was rushed through , so I failed in understanding some of the ideas they discussed . Otherwise , overall it was a good workshop . 
workshop 	6809	Last part of the workshop was rushed through , so I failed in understanding some of the ideas they discussed . Otherwise , overall it was a good workshop . 
session 	6827	The session held today was interesting . I like the unit testing part of the session . The session about the building tools was not very clear . It is better if you can hold another session about building tools . 
unit testing part of the session 	6876	The session held today was interesting . I like the unit testing part of the session . The session about the building tools was not very clear . It is better if you can hold another session about building tools . 
session about the building tools 	6916	The session held today was interesting . I like the unit testing part of the session . The session about the building tools was not very clear . It is better if you can hold another session about building tools . 
session about building tools 	7008	The session held today was interesting . I like the unit testing part of the session . The session about the building tools was not very clear . It is better if you can hold another session about building tools . 
SQL workshop 	7143	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
workshops 	7243	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
workshop 	7336	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
quiz 	7382	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
maven " 	7507	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
basics of a selected software 	7577	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
presentations 	7827	Previous weeks ' feedback was a mistake . I have submitted wrong feedback for wrong link . Actually SQL workshop was very useful and I have earned lot during the SQL workshop . It is one of the best workshops I have met in this workshop series . Actually I am not satisfied with this weeks ' workshop . I was not able to even answer the quiz you have provided . I 'm struggling on continuing to study those things as I was unable to even build a foundation for " maven " during the workshop . I feel that if you can provide the very basics of a selected software during a workshop that is more useful than just trying to give here and there knowledge on lot of things during a one workshop . Because if participants are not aware of any of the things then they cannot catch up your presentations based on multiple technologies . 
Workshop 	7877	Workshop was really good . Learnt a lot of new and useful things during the workshop . But since maven and junit were completely new topics for some of us I wish we had more time to be familiar with them . Thank you very much ! . 
new and useful things 	7921	Workshop was really good . Learnt a lot of new and useful things during the workshop . But since maven and junit were completely new topics for some of us I wish we had more time to be familiar with them . Thank you very much ! . 
time 	8053	Workshop was really good . Learnt a lot of new and useful things during the workshop . But since maven and junit were completely new topics for some of us I wish we had more time to be familiar with them . Thank you very much ! . 
it 	8112	it was useful . but they did most of that part in short time . So we cannot understand much of that in a time . 
much of that 	8201	it was useful . but they did most of that part in short time . So we cannot understand much of that in a time . 
It 	8229	It was conducted too fast . Some students could not even configure the IDE . 
IDE 	8301	It was conducted too fast . Some students could not even configure the IDE . 
this 	8551	Compared to the previous workshops this was quite a failure . There were many problems the guest speakers could not address and it wasn 't their fault either . It 's nearly impossible to learn how to use professional tools in merely 3 hours . It 's better not to hold this particular session for the next batch or break it into a few separate sessions and give more exposure to each topic . 
professional tools 	8720	Compared to the previous workshops this was quite a failure . There were many problems the guest speakers could not address and it wasn 't their fault either . It 's nearly impossible to learn how to use professional tools in merely 3 hours . It 's better not to hold this particular session for the next batch or break it into a few separate sessions and give more exposure to each topic . 
session 	8800	Compared to the previous workshops this was quite a failure . There were many problems the guest speakers could not address and it wasn 't their fault either . It 's nearly impossible to learn how to use professional tools in merely 3 hours . It 's better not to hold this particular session for the next batch or break it into a few separate sessions and give more exposure to each topic . 
time 	8953	It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail . We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry - related knowledge . Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters . Finally , please extend our thanks for everyone involved ! . 
them 	8970	It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail . We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry - related knowledge . Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters . Finally , please extend our thanks for everyone involved ! . 
those tools 	9042	It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail . We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry - related knowledge . Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters . Finally , please extend our thanks for everyone involved ! . 
sessions on this area 	9124	It would be better if they could take more time and explain them in detail . We could understand the gravity and the importance of those tools and felt serious on the industry - related knowledge . Please do more sessions on this area within next couple of semesters . Finally , please extend our thanks for everyone involved ! . 
maven 	9294	Somewhat difficult to understand the what actually maven is . If slowly do I think we could understand more than this . 
workshop 	9367	workshop is good but it 's better if we have more time . 
time 	9416	workshop is good but it 's better if we have more time . 
lecture hours 	9432	Those lecture hours are very useful for our semester project and so on . Thank you . 
handout on examples 	9529	please give a handout on examples which doing in workshop . We had problems when install that software . Most of things unclear in today workshop . 
install that software 	9597	please give a handout on examples which doing in workshop . We had problems when install that software . Most of things unclear in today workshop . 
today workshop 	9648	please give a handout on examples which doing in workshop . We had problems when install that software . Most of things unclear in today workshop . 
workshop , 	9673	Good workshop , but too much advance stuff . As we have no knowledge about how industrial things happen it was so hard to understand the workshop . 
advance stuff 	9696	Good workshop , but too much advance stuff . As we have no knowledge about how industrial things happen it was so hard to understand the workshop . 
workshop 	9805	Good workshop , but too much advance stuff . As we have no knowledge about how industrial things happen it was so hard to understand the workshop . 
workshop 	9823	The workshop was very helpful . 
required tool 	9931	Was not very good . At least we were not instructed properly to install the required tool and etc . Could have done better . 
Workshop 	9984	Workshop is good . Time for this workshop should be increased . 
Time for this workshop 	10004	Workshop is good . Time for this workshop should be increased . 
it 	10052	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
areas 	10092	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
continuous integration 	10166	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
version control , 	10227	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
GIT 	10244	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
Jenkins work 	10252	it was good but there were some unclear areas . As we already knew a bit about Ide 's should have focused more on continuous integration . Should like to hear more about how version control , GIT and Jenkins work . 
