Workshop 	0	Workshop has been conducted well . But we haven 't given proper instructions to install required applications for windows . Therefore I have spent whole the time with downloading things . Except that everything was perfect . 
instructions to install required applications for windows 	64	Workshop has been conducted well . But we haven 't given proper instructions to install required applications for windows . Therefore I have spent whole the time with downloading things . Except that everything was perfect . 
everything 	202	Workshop has been conducted well . But we haven 't given proper instructions to install required applications for windows . Therefore I have spent whole the time with downloading things . Except that everything was perfect . 
force the students to install Linux 	257	kindly request that not to force the students to install Linux instead of windows since it works fine in windows . It worked on my windows laptop which windows 10 is running . This is just an acknowledgment . 
workshop 	449	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
content ! 	474	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
time 	550	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
Things 	576	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
some points 	621	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
everyone involved ! 	671	Good workshop and very useful content ! . But it is really better if we could prepare more and spend more time for this workshop . Things went really fast and we couldn 't grab some points . Anyway please extend our thanks to everyone involved ! . 
session 	700	This session was interesting and well structured . 
Workshop 	749	Workshop is really good and we learn a lot . But the allocated time for this workshop should be extended because at the end of workshop things go really fast and it is difficult to catch up . 
allocated time for this workshop 	803	Workshop is really good and we learn a lot . But the allocated time for this workshop should be extended because at the end of workshop things go really fast and it is difficult to catch up . 
end of workshop 	870	Workshop is really good and we learn a lot . But the allocated time for this workshop should be extended because at the end of workshop things go really fast and it is difficult to catch up . 
