It 	0	It was very informative and interesting . I personally got many unclear things about oop cleared during this lecture . Unfortunately the time was not enough . I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer _ y for Sacrificing his valuable time and effort . 
oop cleared 	86	It was very informative and interesting . I personally got many unclear things about oop cleared during this lecture . Unfortunately the time was not enough . I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer _ y for Sacrificing his valuable time and effort . 
time 	139	It was very informative and interesting . I personally got many unclear things about oop cleared during this lecture . Unfortunately the time was not enough . I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer _ y for Sacrificing his valuable time and effort . 
lecture 	264	It was a great lecture . I have learnt a lot of things from that lecture like practical use of abstraction . It would be better if he had some more time because I think in the lecture he had to speed up because he had not got enough time . Thank you very much sir . 
time 	399	It was a great lecture . I have learnt a lot of things from that lecture like practical use of abstraction . It would be better if he had some more time because I think in the lecture he had to speed up because he had not got enough time . Thank you very much sir . 
time 	484	It was a great lecture . I have learnt a lot of things from that lecture like practical use of abstraction . It would be better if he had some more time because I think in the lecture he had to speed up because he had not got enough time . Thank you very much sir . 
Mr. Lecturer _ y 's lecture 	521	Mr. Lecturer _ y 's lecture was very informative and interesting . He explained theories using well matching real world examples . We happy to have another lecture from Mr. Lecturer _ y . 
He 	586	Mr. Lecturer _ y 's lecture was very informative and interesting . He explained theories using well matching real world examples . We happy to have another lecture from Mr. Lecturer _ y . 
Mr. Lecturer _ y 	689	Mr. Lecturer _ y 's lecture was very informative and interesting . He explained theories using well matching real world examples . We happy to have another lecture from Mr. Lecturer _ y . 
lecture 	792	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
lecture on CSE conference 	825	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
lecture 	923	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
new things like transition diagrams , 	973	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
CRC modeling 	1010	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
You 	1026	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
time 	1228	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
lecture 	1246	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
session 	1339	First of all thank you for allocating your valuable time for us . I found today 's lecture very informative . Your lecture on CSE conference was very interesting . When I saw you today I looked forward to a good lecture and you did a fine job . I learned about new things like transition diagrams , CRC modeling . You did brush up my knowledge . I believe that the verb - noun technique you taught to identify objects , methods will be very useful during this semester as well in future . I wished that you had more time complete the lecture . Nothing bad I can think of to point out . Hope to see you in another informative session . Thanks again . 
lecture 	1372	The lecture was amazing and provided us an insight into practical applications of OOP concepts and about how the corporate world applications use them . We got a summary of what we had learned so far . The only regret was we did not have more time for the lecture . 
corporate world applications 	1481	The lecture was amazing and provided us an insight into practical applications of OOP concepts and about how the corporate world applications use them . We got a summary of what we had learned so far . The only regret was we did not have more time for the lecture . 
time 	1613	The lecture was amazing and provided us an insight into practical applications of OOP concepts and about how the corporate world applications use them . We got a summary of what we had learned so far . The only regret was we did not have more time for the lecture . 
lecture 	1744	We are grateful to Mr. Lecturer _ y for conducting the guest lecture on Object oriented programming . The lecture was easy to understand with the ample examples provided . It helped to clear certain doubts we had on the subject . 
ample examples 	1784	We are grateful to Mr. Lecturer _ y for conducting the guest lecture on Object oriented programming . The lecture was easy to understand with the ample examples provided . It helped to clear certain doubts we had on the subject . 
It 	1811	We are grateful to Mr. Lecturer _ y for conducting the guest lecture on Object oriented programming . The lecture was easy to understand with the ample examples provided . It helped to clear certain doubts we had on the subject . 
It 	1872	It was very much interesting . It would be better if we would have a another session . 
session 	1987	Actually it was a great session . We got lot of things from your lecture . Specially regarding industrial side aspects . It will be really helpful for us in near future . Thank you sir . 
lecture 	2029	Actually it was a great session . We got lot of things from your lecture . Specially regarding industrial side aspects . It will be really helpful for us in near future . Thank you sir . 
It 	2232	It was very good lecture actually , It is better if there were more examples ( Real Software projects ) when describing things . 
lecture 	2249	It was very good lecture actually , It is better if there were more examples ( Real Software projects ) when describing things . 
examples ( Real Software 	2299	It was very good lecture actually , It is better if there were more examples ( Real Software projects ) when describing things . 
lecture 	2375	It was a good lecture . The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP . He suggested books for reference . It was very useful . 
examples 	2390	It was a good lecture . The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP . He suggested books for reference . It was very useful . 
He 	2455	It was a good lecture . The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP . He suggested books for reference . It was very useful . 
It 	2491	It was a good lecture . The examples given made it easy to understand the theories of OOP . He suggested books for reference . It was very useful . 
lecture 	2521	Great lecture . Learned lot of things from you . Thank you for your time . 
lecture 	2610	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
talked about uml diagrams 	2686	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
books 	2775	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
their content 	2814	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
exemplary features from you 	3001	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
lecture 	3045	It was a great lecture which talked to all basic aspects of OOP . Especially , what you 've talked about uml diagrams gave me a great interest to study more about it . I found the books which you asked and I think that their content is much important . Thank you sir for giving such references . And the last but not the least , having lecture with you , a great figure in Software Industry , I learnt many exemplary features from you and you did the lecture so openly . Thank you sir . 
lecture 	3089	The lecture was really good . He was very interactive . Hope to hear from him again . 
He 	3116	The lecture was really good . He was very interactive . Hope to hear from him again . 
lecture Mr. Lecturer _ y 	3201	It was really an awesome lecture Mr. Lecturer _ y . I understood a lot about abstraction in that lecture . You explained that concept simply but with all the facts that would help our mind to create a picture abstraction . The event explanation was good too . Thanks a lot . 
abstraction in that lecture 	3252	It was really an awesome lecture Mr. Lecturer _ y . I understood a lot about abstraction in that lecture . You explained that concept simply but with all the facts that would help our mind to create a picture abstraction . The event explanation was good too . Thanks a lot . 
event explanation 	3404	It was really an awesome lecture Mr. Lecturer _ y . I understood a lot about abstraction in that lecture . You explained that concept simply but with all the facts that would help our mind to create a picture abstraction . The event explanation was good too . Thanks a lot . 
It 	3456	It was very good and interesting lecture . 
lecture 	3489	It was very good and interesting lecture . 
sharp lecture 	3533	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
Verb Analysis , 	3665	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
CRC Modeling , 	3680	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
OO Principles - 	3694	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
SOLID theories 	3709	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
Polymorphism from JAVA 	3909	Your brief but resourceful and sharp lecture was very helpful to get an " out of box " idea about what we were learning during last few weeks . I am sure that Noun / Verb Analysis , CRC Modeling , OO Principles - SOLID theories that you taught us on that day , will make our lives easier when developing a new program . But as we are learning OOP concepts by JAVA , it would be more effective if you had explained Polymorphism from JAVA instead of C plus plus . Thank you sir very much for spending your valuable time for us . 
session 	4052	It was a very informative session . Gained knowledge on object oriented programming concepts . 
session 	4151	It was a very informative session . Thank you . : - ) . 
examples 	4285	It was great help for me to understand some points in OOP . All the facts were clearly taught with examples . So we did not have to think much to understand lots of them . Thank you very much for sacrificing your time for us . It was a great help for me . 
It 	4416	It was great help for me to understand some points in OOP . All the facts were clearly taught with examples . So we did not have to think much to understand lots of them . Thank you very much for sacrificing your time for us . It was a great help for me . 
session 	4470	It was an interesting session . It 's better if there are some follow up sessions too . Thank you . 
sessions 	4521	It was an interesting session . It 's better if there are some follow up sessions too . Thank you . 
It 	4552	It was really helpful to find the relevance of oop in software developing . Even though I 'd gone through the theorems and definitions off oop to a certain extent , still I find it somewhat difficult to apply ones it comes to the design phase . So it helped be a great deal to enhance OOP thinking pattern . 
lecture 	4882	It 's a interesting lecture and I got a good understand about how to apply OOP concepts to real practical things . I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer _ y to give us a good lecture . 
lecture 	5033	It 's a interesting lecture and I got a good understand about how to apply OOP concepts to real practical things . I would like to thank Mr. Lecturer _ y to give us a good lecture . 
Lecture 	5066	Excellent Lecture . Thank you very much Sir . 
lecture 	5120	It was a good lecture . We learnt more about the concept of OOP , and clear some doubts about the subject matters . It had been better if you had the time to explain the last part of the lecture more briefly . Thank you sir for your valuable time and the effort contributed to improve our knowledge about the art of programming . 
explanations of Abstraction 	5540	I think it is helps us to understand what the industrial background of CS engineer . Further your explanations of Abstraction and UML diagrams are interest . We are luckiest , if we had more time to discuss other topics . Thank you very much Sir ! . 
UML diagrams 	5572	I think it is helps us to understand what the industrial background of CS engineer . Further your explanations of Abstraction and UML diagrams are interest . We are luckiest , if we had more time to discuss other topics . Thank you very much Sir ! . 
time to discuss other topics 	5633	I think it is helps us to understand what the industrial background of CS engineer . Further your explanations of Abstraction and UML diagrams are interest . We are luckiest , if we had more time to discuss other topics . Thank you very much Sir ! . 
It 	5695	It is very useful . Especially the abstract and polymorphism explanation is very good . 
polymorphism explanation 	5744	It is very useful . Especially the abstract and polymorphism explanation is very good . 
guest lecture 	5825	Thank you sir for having an excellent guest lecture . Your examples are brilliant . Thank you for sharing your experiences with us . You told really good ways to study . And you showed us that we must search and learn more on modern software trends which always change . Thank you sir again . 
examples 	5847	Thank you sir for having an excellent guest lecture . Your examples are brilliant . Thank you for sharing your experiences with us . You told really good ways to study . And you showed us that we must search and learn more on modern software trends which always change . Thank you sir again . 
guest lecture 	6092	The guest lecture was very interesting and informative ! . 
examples 	6153	The examples taken by Lecturer _ y sir to explain the concepts were great . The lecture was inspiring us to do our best . 
concepts 	6201	The examples taken by Lecturer _ y sir to explain the concepts were great . The lecture was inspiring us to do our best . 
lecture 	6228	The examples taken by Lecturer _ y sir to explain the concepts were great . The lecture was inspiring us to do our best . 
It 	6329	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
lecture 	6351	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
It 	6362	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
State Transition diagrams 	6415	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
OO principles 	6470	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
references 	6537	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
lecture 	6641	Thank you Sir for spending your valuable time for us . It was really a great lecture . It gave us a good idea about What is a state and the State Transition diagrams . Also you reminded us some OO principles and explain them to renew our memory . Moreover the references given by you are very important . Again thank you very much Sir for conducting such a great lecture and hope you will never stop . 
It 	6683	It was great . I got to know about lot of people who are related on this field and I read some articles published by them , kind of new experience to me , things that I never thought of . Superb . 
lecture 	6905	It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far . It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class . I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time . 
It 	6968	It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far . It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class . I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time . 
real life aspects 	7068	It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far . It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class . I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time . 
session 	7172	It was a very helpful lecture to know the real use of what we have learned so far . It gave us a good opportunity to improve our software designs because of the knowledge we got about real life aspects and their proper usage than just applying all we learned in class . I appreciate the session and expect more in future so that we can be better over the time . 
it 	7250	it was very useful I further understand the basic concept of oop clearly . He told . Interesting example for that concepts that were unforgettable . And aslo he taught about diagrams such as state diagram , class diagram etc , very well . And also very interesting things in lecture are he told his experience about his studies and his teaching experience and also he gave many e - resources and book for references . Thank you sir for your great lecture , . p. s - I expect your lecture in future ! . 
He 	7326	it was very useful I further understand the basic concept of oop clearly . He told . Interesting example for that concepts that were unforgettable . And aslo he taught about diagrams such as state diagram , class diagram etc , very well . And also very interesting things in lecture are he told his experience about his studies and his teaching experience and also he gave many e - resources and book for references . Thank you sir for your great lecture , . p. s - I expect your lecture in future ! . 
example for that concepts 	7349	it was very useful I further understand the basic concept of oop clearly . He told . Interesting example for that concepts that were unforgettable . And aslo he taught about diagrams such as state diagram , class diagram etc , very well . And also very interesting things in lecture are he told his experience about his studies and his teaching experience and also he gave many e - resources and book for references . Thank you sir for your great lecture , . p. s - I expect your lecture in future ! . 
techniques of software analysis 	7823	Dear Sir , . It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts , techniques of software analysis and designs . Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us . It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours . Hope to have another lecture from you sir . Thank you very much . Best Regards , . Chanaka Lakmal . Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering , . University of Moratuwa , . Moratuwa . 
Best Regards , 	8078	Dear Sir , . It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts , techniques of software analysis and designs . Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us . It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours . Hope to have another lecture from you sir . Thank you very much . Best Regards , . Chanaka Lakmal . Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering , . University of Moratuwa , . Moratuwa . 
Undergraduate of Computer Science 	8113	Dear Sir , . It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts , techniques of software analysis and designs . Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us . It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours . Hope to have another lecture from you sir . Thank you very much . Best Regards , . Chanaka Lakmal . Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering , . University of Moratuwa , . Moratuwa . 
Engineering , 	8151	Dear Sir , . It was a very important guest lecture of OOP concepts , techniques of software analysis and designs . Thank you very much for sharing your knowledge and experiences with us . It would be better if we had a long time slot about 4- 5 hours . Hope to have another lecture from you sir . Thank you very much . Best Regards , . Chanaka Lakmal . Undergraduate of Computer Science and Engineering , . University of Moratuwa , . Moratuwa . 
lecture 	8212	The lecture was really interesting . He motivated us to do extra reading apart from just managing to cover up every - day compulsory work . He gave a general idea on how and where some of the concepts we learned are actually applied . 
He 	8246	The lecture was really interesting . He motivated us to do extra reading apart from just managing to cover up every - day compulsory work . He gave a general idea on how and where some of the concepts we learned are actually applied . 
some of the concepts 	8389	The lecture was really interesting . He motivated us to do extra reading apart from just managing to cover up every - day compulsory work . He gave a general idea on how and where some of the concepts we learned are actually applied . 
lecture sir , 	8453	Great lecture sir , really good material and above all it was more informative than any other guest lecture lecture we had . Thanks for the references as well . State diagrams will come in handy for us sooner rather than later . Once again thanks for your kind concern for us despite your rather busy work schedule . 
lecture lecture 	8546	Great lecture sir , really good material and above all it was more informative than any other guest lecture lecture we had . Thanks for the references as well . State diagrams will come in handy for us sooner rather than later . Once again thanks for your kind concern for us despite your rather busy work schedule . 
lecture 	8774	Good lecture . Got good idea about states , abstraction and polymorphism . Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir . They are very useful . Thanks . 
states , 	8805	Good lecture . Got good idea about states , abstraction and polymorphism . Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir . They are very useful . Thanks . 
abstraction 	8813	Good lecture . Got good idea about states , abstraction and polymorphism . Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir . They are very useful . Thanks . 
references 	8873	Good lecture . Got good idea about states , abstraction and polymorphism . Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir . They are very useful . Thanks . 
They 	8903	Good lecture . Got good idea about states , abstraction and polymorphism . Thank you very much for the references you gave us sir . They are very useful . Thanks . 
lecture 	8968	Sir , . It was a very useful lecture . I wanted to know how a software engineer in the field deals up with the concepts that we learn today . So I got what I wanted and it was the best thing . And the things you made taking with some really explainable examples made the facts registered in our brain . Thank You Sir . 
examples 	9195	Sir , . It was a very useful lecture . I wanted to know how a software engineer in the field deals up with the concepts that we learn today . So I got what I wanted and it was the best thing . And the things you made taking with some really explainable examples made the facts registered in our brain . Thank You Sir . 
lecture 	9384	Dear Lecturer _ y sir ; . First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture . The lecture was totally organized and well arranged . Examples were much familiar for us . And we love share your golden experience . It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too . Thank you again . 
lecture 	9399	Dear Lecturer _ y sir ; . First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture . The lecture was totally organized and well arranged . Examples were much familiar for us . And we love share your golden experience . It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too . Thank you again . 
Examples 	9450	Dear Lecturer _ y sir ; . First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture . The lecture was totally organized and well arranged . Examples were much familiar for us . And we love share your golden experience . It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too . Thank you again . 
It 	9532	Dear Lecturer _ y sir ; . First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture . The lecture was totally organized and well arranged . Examples were much familiar for us . And we love share your golden experience . It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too . Thank you again . 
lecture 	9550	Dear Lecturer _ y sir ; . First of all I would like to thank you for spend your valuable time to give us such a valuable lecture . The lecture was totally organized and well arranged . Examples were much familiar for us . And we love share your golden experience . It was not just a lecture you gave us many other valuable ideas too . Thank you again . 
session 	9628	The session was rather informative and inspiring . It helped us a lot to understand OOP principles and UML and state diagrams . Thank you for the valuable information you shared with us . 
It 	9676	The session was rather informative and inspiring . It helped us a lot to understand OOP principles and UML and state diagrams . Thank you for the valuable information you shared with us . 
UML 	9728	The session was rather informative and inspiring . It helped us a lot to understand OOP principles and UML and state diagrams . Thank you for the valuable information you shared with us . 
lecture 	9829	Sir , . The lecture was great . Actually I didn 't like the OOP before because it looked like a waste of memory and processing power but after your lecture I realized that why it is so important . Further , thank you for inspiring us about the founders of these concepts . As you said I will try to read those books form 'c over to cover ' . Thanks . 
lecture 	10185	it was a good lecture to me . I understand the important of the OOP concept , when we work in industry . Thank You . 
it 	10299	Really it was very important for me . Got an idea about the noun / verb analysis and CRC modeling for the first time . In my point of view it was good that you touched several parts of OOP concepts . The things you told about the ways of referring books were very important . Hope we would have more . Thank you . 
noun / verb analysis 	10353	Really it was very important for me . Got an idea about the noun / verb analysis and CRC modeling for the first time . In my point of view it was good that you touched several parts of OOP concepts . The things you told about the ways of referring books were very important . Hope we would have more . Thank you . 
ways of referring books 	10523	Really it was very important for me . Got an idea about the noun / verb analysis and CRC modeling for the first time . In my point of view it was good that you touched several parts of OOP concepts . The things you told about the ways of referring books were very important . Hope we would have more . Thank you . 
guest lecture 	10641	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
lecture 	10695	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
lecture slides 	10807	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
guest lecture 	10835	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
Abstraction , 	10936	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
Polymorphism 	10949	I would like to say that the guest lecture was really helpful to all of us . That lecture help me to fine tune the object oriented concepts which I learned before in OOP lecture . And also the lecture slides given in the guest lecture was really helpful to revise what we learned so far . Some important concepts such as Abstraction , Polymorphism were explained in very practical way . I think having a lecture of experienced guest lecture like Mr Lecturer _ y is a great privilege for all of us . Thank you . 
