Overall content 	0	Overall content is pretty good . Lectures were comprehensive . It would have been better if more tutorial classes were arranged . 
Lectures 	34	Overall content is pretty good . Lectures were comprehensive . It would have been better if more tutorial classes were arranged . 
tutorial classes 	99	Overall content is pretty good . Lectures were comprehensive . It would have been better if more tutorial classes were arranged . 
lecture series 	143	All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class . The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom . Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course . We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom . So we were able to finish the course successfully . 
tutorial class 	236	All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class . The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom . Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course . We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom . So we were able to finish the course successfully . 
tutorial class 	378	All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class . The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom . Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course . We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom . So we were able to finish the course successfully . 
course 	455	All the lecture series were understandable and many questions were discussed during the class . The tutorial class really helped to solve our problems in implementing concepts that taught in the classroom . Discussing past papers during the tutorial class was really helped to get an idea about the paper and also the course . We felt free to ask question during the class time and we were able solve our questions in the classroom . So we were able to finish the course successfully . 
lecture 	632	The lecture is clear and understandable . But the person who know nothing in java could trouble at start . So If he tutorial class is conducted from the beginning it would be better . It 's pleasure studying in your lecture . Thank you . 
tutorial class 	746	The lecture is clear and understandable . But the person who know nothing in java could trouble at start . So If he tutorial class is conducted from the beginning it would be better . It 's pleasure studying in your lecture . Thank you . 
Lectures 	872	Lectures were good enough to understand . Explanations were good . Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too . 
Explanations 	915	Lectures were good enough to understand . Explanations were good . Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too . 
Examples 	941	Lectures were good enough to understand . Explanations were good . Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too . 
exercises 	993	Lectures were good enough to understand . Explanations were good . Examples were adequate but there might be some more exercises too . 
Lecture slides 	1012	Lecture slides were easy to understand . Tutorial class is very useful to me . Past paper and examples help to understand theory . Overall this course is good to me . 
Tutorial class 	1054	Lecture slides were easy to understand . Tutorial class is very useful to me . Past paper and examples help to understand theory . Overall this course is good to me . 
examples 	1108	Lecture slides were easy to understand . Tutorial class is very useful to me . Past paper and examples help to understand theory . Overall this course is good to me . 
course 	1159	Lecture slides were easy to understand . Tutorial class is very useful to me . Past paper and examples help to understand theory . Overall this course is good to me . 
Tutorial classes 	1284	The best thing I saw is that we could ask questions during the class and clear out our problems . Tutorial classes was much helpful . 
lectures 	1355	All the lectures were well organized and great . Examples and homework questions are good and motivating . 
Examples 	1397	All the lectures were well organized and great . Examples and homework questions are good and motivating . 
homework questions 	1410	All the lectures were well organized and great . Examples and homework questions are good and motivating . 
Lectures 	1693	Lectures was well structured to target the necessary theory parts . It helps to understand easily . Well describe the theories at the lectures . Specially tutorial classes helps to understand the facts through the problems . I think tutorials will help to the end exam also . I think it is better to continue these ways to this module in future also and wish to do so in future . 
tutorial classes 	1851	Lectures was well structured to target the necessary theory parts . It helps to understand easily . Well describe the theories at the lectures . Specially tutorial classes helps to understand the facts through the problems . I think tutorials will help to the end exam also . I think it is better to continue these ways to this module in future also and wish to do so in future . 
tutorial classes 	2332	I 'm really appreciate your dedications to teach this module from the start of this semester . Also we gained a great improvements through the tutorial classes . And I don 't have any complaints regarding this module . Thank you . 
series of lectures 	2447	It was overall a great series of lectures . We were able to learn a lot of new things . Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples . It helped us a lot . We expect Lecturer _ x to take the whole lectures . 
tutorial classes 	2532	It was overall a great series of lectures . We were able to learn a lot of new things . Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples . It helped us a lot . We expect Lecturer _ x to take the whole lectures . 
examples 	2564	It was overall a great series of lectures . We were able to learn a lot of new things . Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples . It helped us a lot . We expect Lecturer _ x to take the whole lectures . 
It 	2576	It was overall a great series of lectures . We were able to learn a lot of new things . Thanks for having tutorial classes and doing more examples . It helped us a lot . We expect Lecturer _ x to take the whole lectures . 
lecturer 	2655	the lecturer is very friendly and very enthusiastic to answer question . She put extra classes in order to help us to understand things more clearly . Pleasure to have a such lecturer . 
lecturer 	2828	the lecturer is very friendly and very enthusiastic to answer question . She put extra classes in order to help us to understand things more clearly . Pleasure to have a such lecturer . 
lecture series 	2842	lecture series is sufficient for get understand about OOP principles . Basic concepts you taught are good . But thread and observer observable design is not good enough like those . I think it will good if we are given more code example with sufficient description for make understand the coding practice . 
thread and observer observable design 	2956	lecture series is sufficient for get understand about OOP principles . Basic concepts you taught are good . But thread and observer observable design is not good enough like those . I think it will good if we are given more code example with sufficient description for make understand the coding practice . 
code example 	3069	lecture series is sufficient for get understand about OOP principles . Basic concepts you taught are good . But thread and observer observable design is not good enough like those . I think it will good if we are given more code example with sufficient description for make understand the coding practice . 
examples 	3160	More examples should have been done on threads to explain the whole section . The explanations given in other sections were sufficient . 
explanations 	3238	More examples should have been done on threads to explain the whole section . The explanations given in other sections were sufficient . 
lectures 	3300	The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series . Madam , you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us . It 's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions . 
labs 	3313	The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series . Madam , you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us . It 's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions . 
examples 	3397	The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series . Madam , you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us . It 's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions . 
tutorial class 	3423	The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series . Madam , you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us . It 's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions . 
it 	3442	The lectures and labs were well organized in the whole lecture series . Madam , you tried to do more examples even arranging a tutorial class and it was very useful to us . It 's better if you can do some more questions taking a part of the time reserved to lab sessions . 
course 	3581	Actually course was really good and well planned . Tutorial classes were really beneficial and if motivated to do past papers . Thank you ! . 
Tutorial classes 	3624	Actually course was really good and well planned . Tutorial classes were really beneficial and if motivated to do past papers . Thank you ! . 
Lectures 	3718	Lectures were interesting . Was able to understand the basics of OOP . suggestion - a way to cover basic java for students who don 't know java . Thanks . : ) . 
Course 	3884	Course was great . Work load is acceptable . Continuous assessment tested my abilities well . I got Madam Lecturer _ x for my mid evaluation . Although I got low marks , it helped me to improve my ability , understanding my mistakes . 
Work load 	3904	Course was great . Work load is acceptable . Continuous assessment tested my abilities well . I got Madam Lecturer _ x for my mid evaluation . Although I got low marks , it helped me to improve my ability , understanding my mistakes . 
Continuous assessment 	3931	Course was great . Work load is acceptable . Continuous assessment tested my abilities well . I got Madam Lecturer _ x for my mid evaluation . Although I got low marks , it helped me to improve my ability , understanding my mistakes . 
Madam Lecturer _ x 	3987	Course was great . Work load is acceptable . Continuous assessment tested my abilities well . I got Madam Lecturer _ x for my mid evaluation . Although I got low marks , it helped me to improve my ability , understanding my mistakes . 
it 	4055	Course was great . Work load is acceptable . Continuous assessment tested my abilities well . I got Madam Lecturer _ x for my mid evaluation . Although I got low marks , it helped me to improve my ability , understanding my mistakes . 
Extra classes 	4122	Extra classes were very helpful . Semester project was really helpful to understand the practical use of OOP concepts . Since there was no GUI included , there were no confusions . Out of three OOP projects I have done this one was the most helpful and the most clear . I am so glad I took this subject this semester , because I think I obtained . A good knowledge on OOP as well as JAVA . I am really glad since I was able to complete the project on my own and I am very confident now because of that . Looking forward to OSD course . Dear madam , thank you very much for your support . 
Semester project 	4157	Extra classes were very helpful . Semester project was really helpful to understand the practical use of OOP concepts . Since there was no GUI included , there were no confusions . Out of three OOP projects I have done this one was the most helpful and the most clear . I am so glad I took this subject this semester , because I think I obtained . A good knowledge on OOP as well as JAVA . I am really glad since I was able to complete the project on my own and I am very confident now because of that . Looking forward to OSD course . Dear madam , thank you very much for your support . 
Lectures 	4718	Lectures and tutorial class were very useful to improve our knowledge on object oriented concepts . 
tutorial class 	4731	Lectures and tutorial class were very useful to improve our knowledge on object oriented concepts . 
lectures 	4826	Your lectures were very good and also the tutorial was help us to write answers . 
tutorial 	4863	Your lectures were very good and also the tutorial was help us to write answers . 
lecture slides 	4910	The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes . The tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions . Wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning . 
teachings 	4933	The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes . The tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions . Wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning . 
tutorials 	5040	The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes . The tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions . Wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning . 
time slot 	5167	The lecture slides and the teachings were clear and well organized and helped me to understand the necessary learning outcomes . The tutorials were important because it was a chance to understand how we should answer the questions . Wish there was a separate time slot from the very beginning . 
teaching approaches 	5206	teaching approaches are good . But this subject is very hard to me . I don 't know that how do I work with it . I have interest in this subject . We want tutorial also . Thank you . 
this subject 	5242	teaching approaches are good . But this subject is very hard to me . I don 't know that how do I work with it . I have interest in this subject . We want tutorial also . Thank you . 
tutorial 	5363	teaching approaches are good . But this subject is very hard to me . I don 't know that how do I work with it . I have interest in this subject . We want tutorial also . Thank you . 
lectures 	5457	Well structured lectures . But we want some more code practice . 
lectures 	5520	conducted lectures were well managed and understandable . I have learned valuable educational things . Thank u . 
Course 	5628	Course is very useful . Helped to gain the knowledge from the basic concepts . 
module 	5716	This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly . Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions , moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes . 
oop concepts 	5765	This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly . Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions , moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes . 
Discussing past papers within the class 	5794	This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly . Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions , moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes . 
tutorial classes 	5906	This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly . Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions , moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes . 
tutorial classes 	5972	This module was well organized and helped us to learn oop concepts very clearly . Discussing past papers within the class helped us to learn the pattern of answering the questions , moreover the tutorial classes were really important and it is better have more tutorial classes . 
lectures 	6062	The lectures were well structured and informative . The approaches to instill the concepts in us were really good . The viva for the mid- evaluation was a good experience . 
approaches to instill the concepts 	6115	The lectures were well structured and informative . The approaches to instill the concepts in us were really good . The viva for the mid- evaluation was a good experience . 
lectures 	6240	The lectures and examples done were clear . Applying threads is confusing . More examples on threads would have been better . 
examples 	6253	The lectures and examples done were clear . Applying threads is confusing . More examples on threads would have been better . 
Applying threads 	6281	The lectures and examples done were clear . Applying threads is confusing . More examples on threads would have been better . 
examples on threads 	6319	The lectures and examples done were clear . Applying threads is confusing . More examples on threads would have been better . 
Tutorial classes 	6377	Tutorial classes were helped us to get more knowledge about this module . 
Lectures 	6454	Lectures and tutorial class is very good and very helpful . It will be a really good help if tutorial class conducts tomorrow . 
tutorial class 	6467	Lectures and tutorial class is very good and very helpful . It will be a really good help if tutorial class conducts tomorrow . 
tutorial class conducts tomorrow 	6548	Lectures and tutorial class is very good and very helpful . It will be a really good help if tutorial class conducts tomorrow . 
examples 	6600	great . More examples will be more helpful . 
Additional class 	6782	Additional class to do more coding helped us a lot . I think that time should be more than 1 hour . If not it would be better at least if you could post sample answers for few problems like that so we could check answers ourselves and correct our faults . However I think the lecture series went well . Thank you . 
coding 	6810	Additional class to do more coding helped us a lot . I think that time should be more than 1 hour . If not it would be better at least if you could post sample answers for few problems like that so we could check answers ourselves and correct our faults . However I think the lecture series went well . Thank you . 
lecture series 	7061	Additional class to do more coding helped us a lot . I think that time should be more than 1 hour . If not it would be better at least if you could post sample answers for few problems like that so we could check answers ourselves and correct our faults . However I think the lecture series went well . Thank you . 
descriptive sample codes 	7130	Good . Better if more descriptive sample codes are given and explained . Tutorials were really helpful . 
Tutorials 	7182	Good . Better if more descriptive sample codes are given and explained . Tutorials were really helpful . 
Module 	7217	Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized . In class exercises were also useful to learn the module . Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies . I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically . 
lectures 	7265	Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized . In class exercises were also useful to learn the module . Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies . I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically . 
In class exercises 	7317	Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized . In class exercises were also useful to learn the module . Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies . I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically . 
Tutorial class 	7376	Module was confident to learn about poop as all lectures were well structured and well organized . In class exercises were also useful to learn the module . Tutorial class is more valuable than them because it is easy to understand theories after doing self- studies . I can ensure that I got a clear knowledge about poop and how to apply them in practically . 
in class exercises with practical scenarios 	7801	I really liked the course . After the mid semester I found it difficult to code what had been taught ( as I have no previous knowledge in coding in Java ) . Madam , I suggest it would have been better if you give more in class exercises with practical scenarios earlier rather than doing it at the end . The in class exercises help a lot in understanding the theory plus coding it . 
it 	7871	I really liked the course . After the mid semester I found it difficult to code what had been taught ( as I have no previous knowledge in coding in Java ) . Madam , I suggest it would have been better if you give more in class exercises with practical scenarios earlier rather than doing it at the end . The in class exercises help a lot in understanding the theory plus coding it . 
in class exercises 	7892	I really liked the course . After the mid semester I found it difficult to code what had been taught ( as I have no previous knowledge in coding in Java ) . Madam , I suggest it would have been better if you give more in class exercises with practical scenarios earlier rather than doing it at the end . The in class exercises help a lot in understanding the theory plus coding it . 
additional exercise 	7980	Need more additional exercise . 
course 	8009	The course is really good . But I feel that it would be better if we can have a java class running parallel . The lecturers commitment can be clearly seen and should be appreciated . 
lecturers commitment 	8121	The course is really good . But I feel that it would be better if we can have a java class running parallel . The lecturers commitment can be clearly seen and should be appreciated . 
lecture series 	8205	I think the lecture series was great . There is no much to change . Tutorial class was extremely helpful . I learned a lot from tutorial class . Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam . It was a great pleasure learning from you . 
Tutorial class 	8263	I think the lecture series was great . There is no much to change . Tutorial class was extremely helpful . I learned a lot from tutorial class . Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam . It was a great pleasure learning from you . 
tutorial class 	8324	I think the lecture series was great . There is no much to change . Tutorial class was extremely helpful . I learned a lot from tutorial class . Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam . It was a great pleasure learning from you . 
tutorial class 	8371	I think the lecture series was great . There is no much to change . Tutorial class was extremely helpful . I learned a lot from tutorial class . Thank you for conducting the tutorial class spending your valuable time madam . It was a great pleasure learning from you . 
Tutorial 	8470	Tutorial is good to develop answering to papers . 
project bt some exercises 	8550	Give lab not only for semi project bt some exercises especially in thread and event handling . Give some sample coding to fill . And give a startup cls in the beginning apart from oop for java language . 
event handling 	8601	Give lab not only for semi project bt some exercises especially in thread and event handling . Give some sample coding to fill . And give a startup cls in the beginning apart from oop for java language . 
tutorial classes 	8764	We got more advantages from the tutorial classes . But I think the Lab sessions were not used efficiently . If every lab session had a submission of semester project it could be useful . 
Lab sessions 	8800	We got more advantages from the tutorial classes . But I think the Lab sessions were not used efficiently . If every lab session had a submission of semester project it could be useful . 
Lectures 	8924	Lectures are well structured , so we can . Catch points of the lesson easily . But sometimes teaching speed was very high . But overall lecturing pattern was satisfactory . 
teaching speed 	9018	Lectures are well structured , so we can . Catch points of the lesson easily . But sometimes teaching speed was very high . But overall lecturing pattern was satisfactory . 
overall lecturing pattern 	9054	Lectures are well structured , so we can . Catch points of the lesson easily . But sometimes teaching speed was very high . But overall lecturing pattern was satisfactory . 
Tutorial classes 	9102	Tutorial classes helped me to understand the lessons properly , with the examples . 
Course 	9188	Course was good . Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it . Tutorial classes were very helpful . Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides . 
time 	9283	Course was good . Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it . Tutorial classes were very helpful . Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides . 
Tutorial classes 	9305	Course was good . Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it . Tutorial classes were very helpful . Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides . 
lecture slides 	9381	Course was good . Good idea to evaluate the game after the exam because then we can give more time to develop it . Tutorial classes were very helpful . Sometimes I felt details were less in lecture slides . 
Lecture Explanations 	9411	Madam , . Lecture Explanations are very good and enough , Can you explain about the semi exam paper model ? . We want a coding exercise . 
introducing tutorials 	9541	introducing tutorials was great . : - ) . I really participated in each and every tutorial and participated all of the lectures because lecture series were so efficient and interesting . Madame I think it would have been better if regular tasks were given in the labs instead of carrying a single project throughout the semester . 
lecture series 	9675	introducing tutorials was great . : - ) . I really participated in each and every tutorial and participated all of the lectures because lecture series were so efficient and interesting . Madame I think it would have been better if regular tasks were given in the labs instead of carrying a single project throughout the semester . 
project 	9837	introducing tutorials was great . : - ) . I really participated in each and every tutorial and participated all of the lectures because lecture series were so efficient and interesting . Madame I think it would have been better if regular tasks were given in the labs instead of carrying a single project throughout the semester . 
Lectures 	9961	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
OOP concepts using real world examples 	10006	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
Mid examination 	10048	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
examples 	10123	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
tutorial classes 	10145	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
practice writing codes 	10229	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
lectures 	10259	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
discussions among students 	10281	Lectures were well planned and explained the OOP concepts using real world examples . Mid examination and the viva helped me to check my knowledge in OOP . The examples discussed in tutorial classes were very useful to get an understanding about the concepts and to practice writing codes . The lectures were kind of discussions among students and students were free to ask questions about the subject . 
lecturer 	10380	friendly lecturer . Help us in any question . Overall teaching can be recommended as good . But practicals are not well organized . 
Overall teaching 	10419	friendly lecturer . Help us in any question . Overall teaching can be recommended as good . But practicals are not well organized . 
practicals 	10470	friendly lecturer . Help us in any question . Overall teaching can be recommended as good . But practicals are not well organized . 
Tutorial 	10509	Tutorial classed in which we discussed past exam papers and model questions were really helpful . 
model questions 	10569	Tutorial classed in which we discussed past exam papers and model questions were really helpful . 
lot of things 	10621	I learnt a lot of things during the lecture series and also lecture slides were very useful . I sincerely grateful about the tutorial also . 
lecture series 	10646	I learnt a lot of things during the lecture series and also lecture slides were very useful . I sincerely grateful about the tutorial also . 
lecture slides 	10670	I learnt a lot of things during the lecture series and also lecture slides were very useful . I sincerely grateful about the tutorial also . 
Tutorials 	10755	Tutorials which conducted by you were very helpful . So we had a proper idea how to answer questions in the paper and got a wide and clear idea about the subject matter while answering the practical related questions . 
course 	11044	The course was done in a proper manner . Tutorials are useful . I was able to understand the fundamentals of OOP . 
Tutorials 	11082	The course was done in a proper manner . Tutorials are useful . I was able to understand the fundamentals of OOP . 
fundamentals of OOP 	11135	The course was done in a proper manner . Tutorials are useful . I was able to understand the fundamentals of OOP . 
lecture series 	11170	very good lecture series . Madam could you please upload the 2014 OOP exam paper . 
