workshop 	39	Overall it can be considered as a good workshop . But it may become better if you could do the introduction more specifically about MySQL since most student do not have good idea about it . 
it 	186	Overall it can be considered as a good workshop . But it may become better if you could do the introduction more specifically about MySQL since most student do not have good idea about it . 
session 	210	It was a useful session as we got lot of knowledge about databases . 
databases 	251	It was a useful session as we got lot of knowledge about databases . 
program 	270	The program was very helpful to get hands on many things have not even heard before on DB . Gave an idea about databases and how to handle them . Speed was also fair ; was not hard to catch up . 
Speed 	414	The program was very helpful to get hands on many things have not even heard before on DB . Gave an idea about databases and how to handle them . Speed was also fair ; was not hard to catch up . 
Workshop 	465	Workshop was very informative and helpful . We learnt a lot from it . Thanks much ; . 
session 	559	The session was nice . Gained a lot from that . Never done MySQL before , but now I have a head start to continue working on that . Thank you. P . S .- Was kind of hoping you guys would give away cake : p . 
Workshop 	766	Workshop was really good and helpful . It was contained main point we should look at when learning MySQL . It was a good start to begin the learning . 
It 	806	Workshop was really good and helpful . It was contained main point we should look at when learning MySQL . It was a good start to begin the learning . 
MySQL 	866	Workshop was really good and helpful . It was contained main point we should look at when learning MySQL . It was a good start to begin the learning . 
session 	926	The session was great . As a student who didn 't had any experience before using MySQL I learnt a lot . And it was clear as well . It would have been better if you introduced some of the Ideas used or how you use MySQL in actual scenarios . Thank you for a great session . 
session 	1188	The session was great . As a student who didn 't had any experience before using MySQL I learnt a lot . And it was clear as well . It would have been better if you introduced some of the Ideas used or how you use MySQL in actual scenarios . Thank you for a great session . 
relevant coding examples 	1307	It took some time for us to look at the slides and type the code . It will be better if you can send the relevant coding examples earlier , so that we can come prepared to test them and this will save time for the lecture . Other than that , everything was so excellent . Please extend our thanks to Company _ y Team ! . 
everything 	1443	It took some time for us to look at the slides and type the code . It will be better if you can send the relevant coding examples earlier , so that we can come prepared to test them and this will save time for the lecture . Other than that , everything was so excellent . Please extend our thanks to Company _ y Team ! . 
workshop 	1523	workshop was good . It is helpful if all codes and notes given to us because when we doing the tasks we can be dismiss some parts . 
codes 	1565	workshop was good . It is helpful if all codes and notes given to us because when we doing the tasks we can be dismiss some parts . 
it 	1659	it was good and we learnt a lot about MySQL since we are beginners . 
MySQL 	1697	it was good and we learnt a lot about MySQL since we are beginners . 
workshop 	1750	The workshop was very useful but it would better if we had a 5- 8 minutes break as the workshop was 3 hours long . 
workshop 	1833	The workshop was very useful but it would better if we had a 5- 8 minutes break as the workshop was 3 hours long . 
workshop 	1894	It was a very nice and useful workshop . A huge range in MySQL is covered in just three and half hours . 
workshop 	2028	It was a good workshop . I learnt a lot of things that I didn 't know about databases and MySQL server . Thank you Company _ y ! . 
databases 	2090	It was a good workshop . I learnt a lot of things that I didn 't know about databases and MySQL server . Thank you Company _ y ! . 
MySQL server 	2104	It was a good workshop . I learnt a lot of things that I didn 't know about databases and MySQL server . Thank you Company _ y ! . 
it 	2146	it was very useful and if possible please conduct another workshop for us so that we can learn the rest of the MySQL content . 
it 	2276	it is very useful . I really appreciate it . Do come again for another workshop ( bring t - shirts too : P ) . 
workshop 	2392	The workshop was really helpful . I had learned MySQL 2 years ago but I couldn 't remember much because I didn 't get a chance to practice them . But from this workshop I was able to memorize those once again . Good work and keep doing these for students like us . 
Workshop 	2657	Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL . But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn 't understand because that part was done at high speed . I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL . If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop . 
MySQL 	2695	Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL . But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn 't understand because that part was done at high speed . I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL . If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop . 
that part 	2771	Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL . But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn 't understand because that part was done at high speed . I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL . If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop . 
workshop 	2925	Workshop is good to get basic idea of MySQL . But connecting MySQL to a project part couldn 't understand because that part was done at high speed . I think it is the most important part we have to learn regarding MySQL . If it done in slowly this will be a perfect workshop . 
Workshop 	2939	Workshop is good . Presenter could explain very well . But his speed is not reasonable . We may missed some important facts which he had explain , since while we are testing getting stuck he used to explain . 
Presenter 	2959	Workshop is good . Presenter could explain very well . But his speed is not reasonable . We may missed some important facts which he had explain , since while we are testing getting stuck he used to explain . 
his speed 	3000	Workshop is good . Presenter could explain very well . But his speed is not reasonable . We may missed some important facts which he had explain , since while we are testing getting stuck he used to explain . 
workshop ! 	3159	great workshop ! . I learned lot of things related to the MySQL . you are done great workshop in 3 hours with us . 
workshop 	3239	great workshop ! . I learned lot of things related to the MySQL . you are done great workshop in 3 hours with us . 
session on MySQL 	3276	The session on MySQL was effective . I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me . The resource person from Company _ y was clear and audible . It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL . Thank you ! . 
this session 	3349	The session on MySQL was effective . I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me . The resource person from Company _ y was clear and audible . It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL . Thank you ! . 
session on MySQL 	3276	The session on MySQL was effective . I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me . The resource person from Company _ y was clear and audible . It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL . Thank you ! . 
this session 	3349	The session on MySQL was effective . I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me . The resource person from Company _ y was clear and audible . It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL . Thank you ! . 
resource person 	3414	The session on MySQL was effective . I was able to learn lot of things from this session because it was a totally new language for me . The resource person from Company _ y was clear and audible . It is better if you can allocate more time or doing the workshop two days so that we can have more knowledge in MySQL . Thank you ! . 
Session 	3747	all the basic things that we have to know were clearly explained . Even the students who know nothing about MySQL had a chance to learn . Session was not boring because the presenter was able to keep eye on every students . 
presenter 	3782	all the basic things that we have to know were clearly explained . Even the students who know nothing about MySQL had a chance to learn . Session was not boring because the presenter was able to keep eye on every students . 
It 	3836	It was actually good . We could actually learn what can be done with MySQL . It will be much useful if related videos ' links can be given before the sessions . 
MySQL 	3906	It was actually good . We could actually learn what can be done with MySQL . It will be much useful if related videos ' links can be given before the sessions . 
Today 's workshop 	4001	Today 's workshop was well planned . Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples . I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too . 
Lecturer 	4038	Today 's workshop was well planned . Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples . I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too . 
lot of examples 	4091	Today 's workshop was well planned . Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples . I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too . 
this lecture 	4130	Today 's workshop was well planned . Lecturer taught us basics of MySQL very clearly with lot of examples . I really appreciate this lecture and I hope this will continue to future batches too . 
workshop 	4204	The workshop was a certain success . We gained a lot of perspective about MySQL . However , I would recommend giving more exercises and examples like connecting PHP with MySQL etc . 
exercises 	4323	The workshop was a certain success . We gained a lot of perspective about MySQL . However , I would recommend giving more exercises and examples like connecting PHP with MySQL etc . 
examples 	4337	The workshop was a certain success . We gained a lot of perspective about MySQL . However , I would recommend giving more exercises and examples like connecting PHP with MySQL etc . 
session 	4533	if the session had more time it will be more valuable . 
time 	4550	if the session had more time it will be more valuable . 
It 	4585	It was really helpful for me . 
Today 's workshop 	4619	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
basics of MySQL 	4666	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
lecture 	4689	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
Presentation 	4722	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
time 	4802	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
examples 	4825	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
Workshop 	4912	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
workshop 	5005	Today 's workshop was really good and I got the basics of MySQL . The lecture was audible and clear . Presentation was very good and clear . But it is better if they can reduce the time that give for the examples at the beginning and give some time more at the end when they do next time . Workshop made me interesting of MySQL . Finally I thank Company _ y for doing such a valuable workshop . 
workshop 	5023	The workshop was very useful as it crash - coursed us through SQL basics . The slides were clear , examples easy and informative . The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer . We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL . Can be recommended as good overall . 
slides 	5098	The workshop was very useful as it crash - coursed us through SQL basics . The slides were clear , examples easy and informative . The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer . We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL . Can be recommended as good overall . 
examples 	5117	The workshop was very useful as it crash - coursed us through SQL basics . The slides were clear , examples easy and informative . The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer . We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL . Can be recommended as good overall . 
presenter 	5154	The workshop was very useful as it crash - coursed us through SQL basics . The slides were clear , examples easy and informative . The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer . We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL . Can be recommended as good overall . 
SQL 	5256	The workshop was very useful as it crash - coursed us through SQL basics . The slides were clear , examples easy and informative . The presenter was audible but could have been a little clearer . We definitely gained knowledge on using SQL . Can be recommended as good overall . 
It 	5303	It was better and more supportive than the previous one . 
workshop 	5369	this workshop was so nice . I learnt lot from it . It motivated me to learn . But I feel some difficulties as it was to fast . 
it 	5411	this workshop was so nice . I learnt lot from it . It motivated me to learn . But I feel some difficulties as it was to fast . 
It 	5417	this workshop was so nice . I learnt lot from it . It motivated me to learn . But I feel some difficulties as it was to fast . 
session 	5501	The session is very useful to get a head start to MYSQL . Session was well planned . It is very clear and audible . I am highly appreciate this session and really thankful to you . 
Session 	5556	The session is very useful to get a head start to MYSQL . Session was well planned . It is very clear and audible . I am highly appreciate this session and really thankful to you . 
session 	5644	The session is very useful to get a head start to MYSQL . Session was well planned . It is very clear and audible . I am highly appreciate this session and really thankful to you . 
Workshop 	5684	Workshop was quite helpful . Learnt a lot of new things . Presenter was audible and encouraging . The facts were organized nice and clear . Actually , In my view No one can do better than this . Thank you ! . 
lot of new things 	5723	Workshop was quite helpful . Learnt a lot of new things . Presenter was audible and encouraging . The facts were organized nice and clear . Actually , In my view No one can do better than this . Thank you ! . 
Presenter 	5744	Workshop was quite helpful . Learnt a lot of new things . Presenter was audible and encouraging . The facts were organized nice and clear . Actually , In my view No one can do better than this . Thank you ! . 
facts 	5789	Workshop was quite helpful . Learnt a lot of new things . Presenter was audible and encouraging . The facts were organized nice and clear . Actually , In my view No one can do better than this . Thank you ! . 
It 	5899	It gave a nice start to learn MySQL and all the guys helped us throughout the entire session . It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this . 
sessions 	6036	It gave a nice start to learn MySQL and all the guys helped us throughout the entire session . It will be great if you can conduct more sessions like this . 
MySQL workshop 	6060	MySQL workshop was really good learning the basics , but it is better if they can provide us some additional recommended resources ( websites etc . ) . 
MySQL workshop 	6060	MySQL workshop was really good learning the basics , but it is better if they can provide us some additional recommended resources ( websites etc . ) . 
additional recommended resources ( 	6157	MySQL workshop was really good learning the basics , but it is better if they can provide us some additional recommended resources ( websites etc . ) . 
speed of the lecture 	6235	It is better if the speed of the lecture is reduced . Workshop was useful for us . 
Workshop 	6270	It is better if the speed of the lecture is reduced . Workshop was useful for us . 
It 	6456	It was very helpful and they did their best in the workshop . They were able to give us a very clear idea about MySQL . 
It 	6580	It was interesting and learnt many thing that I didn 't know before . Thank you . 
session 	6742	As a person who had no knowledge about MySQL before , I would like to say the session gave me a very good introduction about MySQL . I understood the importance of learning it and now I 'm going to try my best to master it . Good job Company _ y : ) . 
Overall session 	6916	Overall session was good . Discussed topic were important . Better if the session was accommodated with a simple but complete coding activity . 
Discussed topic 	6944	Overall session was good . Discussed topic were important . Better if the session was accommodated with a simple but complete coding activity . 
session 	6992	Overall session was good . Discussed topic were important . Better if the session was accommodated with a simple but complete coding activity . 
Lecturing style 	7065	Lecturing style was excellent but it will be easy for us if we can get the lecture slides beforehand . ( at least before a day ) . By doing that lecturer can speed up the lecture and allocate more time for our questions . It will be appreciated if we can have another session based on the advanced concepts of MySQL . 
lecture slides 	7140	Lecturing style was excellent but it will be easy for us if we can get the lecture slides beforehand . ( at least before a day ) . By doing that lecturer can speed up the lecture and allocate more time for our questions . It will be appreciated if we can have another session based on the advanced concepts of MySQL . 
time 	7264	Lecturing style was excellent but it will be easy for us if we can get the lecture slides beforehand . ( at least before a day ) . By doing that lecturer can speed up the lecture and allocate more time for our questions . It will be appreciated if we can have another session based on the advanced concepts of MySQL . 
Session 	7389	Session was good . Presenter clearly explained everything from the beginning . 
Presenter 	7409	Session was good . Presenter clearly explained everything from the beginning . 
workshop ! 	7477	Nice workshop ! . Very well done ! . Learnt lot of new things . Thank You . 
lot of new things 	7516	Nice workshop ! . Very well done ! . Learnt lot of new things . Thank You . 
Company _ y 	7552	Company _ y did a great job . 
Workshop 	7604	Workshop was great . More practical examples will be great . 
practical examples 	7631	Workshop was great . More practical examples will be great . 
It 	7737	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
workshops 	7760	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
It 	7807	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
everything 	7852	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
time to learn SQL 	7900	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
quiz 	7933	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
quiz wasn 't 	7956	It was one of the best workshops that I have ever been attended to . It was well structured and clearly explained everything . But it is good if there were more time to learn SQL . Somehow the quiz was a mess . The quiz wasn 't properly arranged and there were a lot of technical issues . 
session 	8134	Thank you for giving us a good start to MySQL . it was actually interesting and productive session . 
workshop 	8160	I think this workshop was very crucial as we could study . I could get knowledge about MySQL . 
MySQL 	8235	I think this workshop was very crucial as we could study . I could get knowledge about MySQL . 
workshop 	8250	The workshop was really helpful . And it 's better if it could take more time exposure more about MySQL . 
time exposure 	8319	The workshop was really helpful . And it 's better if it could take more time exposure more about MySQL . 
MySQL 	8344	The workshop was really helpful . And it 's better if it could take more time exposure more about MySQL . 
workshop 	8376	It was a interesting workshop . I have started to get a basic idea about MySQL . You are a good teacher . Keep up the good work ! . 
MySQL 	8429	It was a interesting workshop . I have started to get a basic idea about MySQL . You are a good teacher . Keep up the good work ! . 
work ! 	8481	It was a interesting workshop . I have started to get a basic idea about MySQL . You are a good teacher . Keep up the good work ! . 
workshop 	8504	more useful workshop than previous one . Taught really well . It `s better if we can have another session from Company _ y . 
workshop 	8624	This workshop was better compared to c plus plus workshop . We understood the basic things . 
It 	8716	It was really good . I did not know MySQL before that . You really did a good job in teaching us . It was clear and audible enough . Thank you so much . 
It 	8818	It was really good . I did not know MySQL before that . You really did a good job in teaching us . It was clear and audible enough . Thank you so much . 
workshop 	8957	Very good workshop . It is really good teaching from very beginning and going to advanced topics . In the middle of the workshop it become little too fast to catch up . 
teaching 	8987	Very good workshop . It is really good teaching from very beginning and going to advanced topics . In the middle of the workshop it become little too fast to catch up . 
advanced topics 	9029	Very good workshop . It is really good teaching from very beginning and going to advanced topics . In the middle of the workshop it become little too fast to catch up . 
workshop 	9125	The workshop was very useful for me and it was more interesting . Thank you for Company _ y and our academic staff . 
workshop 	9244	The workshop was very useful and well planned . It was clear and audible . We are grateful about doing a session like this . It is better if more time is allocated for the workshop . 
It 	9289	The workshop was very useful and well planned . It was clear and audible . We are grateful about doing a session like this . It is better if more time is allocated for the workshop . 
time 	9389	The workshop was very useful and well planned . It was clear and audible . We are grateful about doing a session like this . It is better if more time is allocated for the workshop . 
workshop 	9450	It was a very useful workshop . I didn 't know anything about MYSQL before . But I got the basic knowledge from your workshop . I would like to appreciate the way you have done the workshop . I think all of us were able to understand . It is better if we could have another session . 
workshop 	9612	It was a very useful workshop . I didn 't know anything about MYSQL before . But I got the basic knowledge from your workshop . I would like to appreciate the way you have done the workshop . I think all of us were able to understand . It is better if we could have another session . 
It 	9720	It was useful to know about database program . We are able to get an Introduction about MYSQL . Thanks to coordinate that workshop . 
lecture 	9870	Very useful lecture for very beginners like me . Really appreciate . This lecture motivates me to learn MySQL more . Apart from that , I would like to suggest you to give us the instructions to install MySQL before the lecture in details . Because it is not that simple to install MySQL into different os . Having links to download the soft is not enough . As an example , the latest version of MySQL for windows is very difficult to install properly as it asked to lot of things to choose and it leads us to issues . Thanks . 
lecture 	9934	Very useful lecture for very beginners like me . Really appreciate . This lecture motivates me to learn MySQL more . Apart from that , I would like to suggest you to give us the instructions to install MySQL before the lecture in details . Because it is not that simple to install MySQL into different os . Having links to download the soft is not enough . As an example , the latest version of MySQL for windows is very difficult to install properly as it asked to lot of things to choose and it leads us to issues . Thanks . 
instructions to install MySQL 	10038	Very useful lecture for very beginners like me . Really appreciate . This lecture motivates me to learn MySQL more . Apart from that , I would like to suggest you to give us the instructions to install MySQL before the lecture in details . Because it is not that simple to install MySQL into different os . Having links to download the soft is not enough . As an example , the latest version of MySQL for windows is very difficult to install properly as it asked to lot of things to choose and it leads us to issues . Thanks . 
workshop 	10397	The workshop was very good . The speaker was clear and audible . And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes . Thank you . 
speaker 	10427	The workshop was very good . The speaker was clear and audible . And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes . Thank you . 
content 	10473	The workshop was very good . The speaker was clear and audible . And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes . Thank you . 
example codes 	10545	The workshop was very good . The speaker was clear and audible . And also the content was presented in a simple and easily understandable manner with example codes . Thank you . 
flow of the workshop 	10604	thank you very much . The flow of the workshop was easy to grasp as the everything was explained from basics and we had the chance to test by ourselves , but it would have been better if we had more time for the workshop and if we can discuss more practical issues . 
everything 	10650	thank you very much . The flow of the workshop was easy to grasp as the everything was explained from basics and we had the chance to test by ourselves , but it would have been better if we had more time for the workshop and if we can discuss more practical issues . 
time for the workshop 	10776	thank you very much . The flow of the workshop was easy to grasp as the everything was explained from basics and we had the chance to test by ourselves , but it would have been better if we had more time for the workshop and if we can discuss more practical issues . 
workshop 	10851	The workshop was really useful to us . It is better if you can use larger letters in the presentations so that even the students seated in the back can see them very well . ( Today even if I was willing to be seated in the front there was no space ) . I am grateful if you could organize another MySQL session . 
