examples within the class 	16	trying out more examples within the class would be more helpful . 
OOP 	554	Different students have different potentials at the beginning of the semester . Some have learnt basics before hand while some doesn 't have a clue . Why shouldn 't we use the resources we have ? . I suggest to team up the class . During the class I suggest to ask questions and develop a marking system . If week ones are present in the group whole group will lose marks . ( Some questions should ask such that 100 % for each correct member and 150 % reduction for wrong member ) . OOP and java is a vast area . One cannot reach up to the maximum potential easily . So sharing knowledge is better and I believe competition will make it easier . Thank You ! . 
Lecture series 	736	Lecture series was good . But it would be better if we have some more practical examples regarding the concepts . 
practical examples 	807	Lecture series was good . But it would be better if we have some more practical examples regarding the concepts . 
Lecture series 	854	Lecture series was good . 
handling UI components 	938	It would have been much better if we were taught about handling UI components . Rather than focusing on object oriented principles , we have to pay much more attention to learn to deal with UI . 
tutorials regarding each lecture 	1099	I suggest if some tutorials regarding each lecture is provided , It would very helpful for us . 
examples 	1300	It is better if we can have more worked examples and tutorials . 
tutorials 	1313	It is better if we can have more worked examples and tutorials . 
module 	1343	I started this module as a student who has no idea about OOP but Ma'am thanks to you now I have some idea on the subject . While I 'm really appreciating your efforts on teaching I have to tell the concurrency part which is covered by the other lecturer was not up to the standard you maintained : ) . 
concurrency part 	1526	I started this module as a student who has no idea about OOP but Ma'am thanks to you now I have some idea on the subject . While I 'm really appreciating your efforts on teaching I have to tell the concurrency part which is covered by the other lecturer was not up to the standard you maintained : ) . 
lectures 	1657	It would be better if the lectures were conducted using more practical side . 
practical side 	1692	It would be better if the lectures were conducted using more practical side . 
cons 	1886	Though most of the students are kinds of experts in java , I 'm just a beginner . But I have learned the language quicker than I thought . There are pros and cons regarding the semester project . Thanks to the project I was motivated to learn Java quickly as well as in a well ordered manner ( unlike python , I used to learn concepts in coding ) . But meanwhile since it 's my first ( considerably long ) code in java I know that I have made some errors and I 've corrected them as much as I can ( not all of them ) , knowing that I won 't be doing the same error in my next program . Apart from coding , everything else was just perfect ! . Thanks : ) . 
Java 	1972	Though most of the students are kinds of experts in java , I 'm just a beginner . But I have learned the language quicker than I thought . There are pros and cons regarding the semester project . Thanks to the project I was motivated to learn Java quickly as well as in a well ordered manner ( unlike python , I used to learn concepts in coding ) . But meanwhile since it 's my first ( considerably long ) code in java I know that I have made some errors and I 've corrected them as much as I can ( not all of them ) , knowing that I won 't be doing the same error in my next program . Apart from coding , everything else was just perfect ! . Thanks : ) . 
coding , 	2317	Though most of the students are kinds of experts in java , I 'm just a beginner . But I have learned the language quicker than I thought . There are pros and cons regarding the semester project . Thanks to the project I was motivated to learn Java quickly as well as in a well ordered manner ( unlike python , I used to learn concepts in coding ) . But meanwhile since it 's my first ( considerably long ) code in java I know that I have made some errors and I 've corrected them as much as I can ( not all of them ) , knowing that I won 't be doing the same error in my next program . Apart from coding , everything else was just perfect ! . Thanks : ) . 
everything 	2325	Though most of the students are kinds of experts in java , I 'm just a beginner . But I have learned the language quicker than I thought . There are pros and cons regarding the semester project . Thanks to the project I was motivated to learn Java quickly as well as in a well ordered manner ( unlike python , I used to learn concepts in coding ) . But meanwhile since it 's my first ( considerably long ) code in java I know that I have made some errors and I 've corrected them as much as I can ( not all of them ) , knowing that I won 't be doing the same error in my next program . Apart from coding , everything else was just perfect ! . Thanks : ) . 
course 	2567	There should be a proper way to make students familiar with java . At least if java can be taught in the first semester rather than python . That would make easy for students to follow the course well . Not Having enough knowledge about java put me in lot of troubles . 
learning on GUI building 	2681	It 's good we could have more learning on GUI building . 
example code 	2782	It will be easy to understand the demonstrations , if you can write the example code at the movement . Then we will have enough time to get the idea of the code other than just take the code on the hard and explain it and run it . Thanks . 
Threads lesson 	2955	Threads lesson is difficult to understand . 
details 	3105	More details should be included about databases . 
Reasons for using OOP concepts 	3153	Reasons for using OOP concepts was not clear at first . Therefore it was difficult to grab the right idea about them . 
lecture series 	3296	It is better if the lecture series contained more practical examples and how the concepts are implemented . 
practical examples 	3326	It is better if the lecture series contained more practical examples and how the concepts are implemented . 
2 lecturers 	3402	2 lecturers are very helpful as well as the guest lecturer . If this course can point out more practical examples it will be more helpful . 
practical examples 	3498	2 lecturers are very helpful as well as the guest lecturer . If this course can point out more practical examples it will be more helpful . 
coding examples 	3551	More coding examples should be provided . 
Content 	3591	Content was reasonably adequate . Little bit extra help in labs is much preferred . 
lecture series 	3683	the lecture series would be much more successful if more real world application questions of OOP concepts were discussed or given as homework for the students so that the students can get a thorough understanding of how to apply those concepts . ( questions similar to server application Router News ) . 
real world application questions of OOP concepts 	3736	the lecture series would be much more successful if more real world application questions of OOP concepts were discussed or given as homework for the students so that the students can get a thorough understanding of how to apply those concepts . ( questions similar to server application Router News ) . 
Letters 	3999	- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week . I don 't always study . In almost every lab , I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully . That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture . OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective . I think it was my main reason ( or at least my main not - motivation ) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams . Some websites confused some definitions . Do some in - class UML class diagram . 
lecture note 	4234	- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week . I don 't always study . In almost every lab , I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully . That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture . OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective . I think it was my main reason ( or at least my main not - motivation ) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams . Some websites confused some definitions . Do some in - class UML class diagram . 
practical series 	4289	- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week . I don 't always study . In almost every lab , I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully . That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture . OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective . I think it was my main reason ( or at least my main not - motivation ) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams . Some websites confused some definitions . Do some in - class UML class diagram . 
examples in UML class diagrams 	4607	- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week . I don 't always study . In almost every lab , I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully . That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture . OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective . I think it was my main reason ( or at least my main not - motivation ) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams . Some websites confused some definitions . Do some in - class UML class diagram . 
some in - class UML class diagram 	4687	- Letters were small and sometimes marker pens had less ink .- I love architecture practical series because it tested if we had studied the lectures every week . I don 't always study . In almost every lab , I was able to go through the lecture note and complete the lab successfully . That practical series made us sure that we would not miss any lecture . OOP practical sessions has no use other than wasting time without a proper day end objective . I think it was my main reason ( or at least my main not - motivation ) to become imperfect in OOP module .- Keep on the java course at the beginning .- Less examples in UML class diagrams . Some websites confused some definitions . Do some in - class UML class diagram . 
Semester project 	4725	Semester project was not easy to implement because at first I had no idea what was asking here . It would have been better if that was something we had experienced before to code . 
starting lectures 	4944	it will be much appreciate if the starting lectures goes little slower and detailed since majority of the students have no idea about oop . It was difficult to pick it up and also drag us behind in other subjects too . We must appreciate the effort taken by helping lecturer , since she did as good as possible to explain us the concepts . But if all the lectures are conducted by Mrs. Lecturer _ x , it will be much appreciated . thank you . : ) . 
oop 	5044	it will be much appreciate if the starting lectures goes little slower and detailed since majority of the students have no idea about oop . It was difficult to pick it up and also drag us behind in other subjects too . We must appreciate the effort taken by helping lecturer , since she did as good as possible to explain us the concepts . But if all the lectures are conducted by Mrs. Lecturer _ x , it will be much appreciated . thank you . : ) . 
It 	5051	it will be much appreciate if the starting lectures goes little slower and detailed since majority of the students have no idea about oop . It was difficult to pick it up and also drag us behind in other subjects too . We must appreciate the effort taken by helping lecturer , since she did as good as possible to explain us the concepts . But if all the lectures are conducted by Mrs. Lecturer _ x , it will be much appreciated . thank you . : ) . 
lectures 	5267	it will be much appreciate if the starting lectures goes little slower and detailed since majority of the students have no idea about oop . It was difficult to pick it up and also drag us behind in other subjects too . We must appreciate the effort taken by helping lecturer , since she did as good as possible to explain us the concepts . But if all the lectures are conducted by Mrs. Lecturer _ x , it will be much appreciated . thank you . : ) . 
example codes 	5390	It is better if you upload example codes showed in class along with the lecture slides to the moodle . 
lecture slides 	5435	It is better if you upload example codes showed in class along with the lecture slides to the moodle . 
spot tests 	5476	having spot tests at the end of the lecture was a good way of seeing whether we learnt the concepts . 
end of the lecture 	5494	having spot tests at the end of the lecture was a good way of seeing whether we learnt the concepts . 
databases 	5793	When trying to fulfill task of adding a database to our semester project I am feeling clueless . If some knowledge about databases is given it is worth a lot . 
lecture series 	5849	We had a good lecture series which intended us that there is more than programming in this CS field . Both lecturers taught well . Giving a quiz at the end seems unfair since it is hard to learn the concepts just by a lecture before any practical usage . 
Both lecturers 	5938	We had a good lecture series which intended us that there is more than programming in this CS field . Both lecturers taught well . Giving a quiz at the end seems unfair since it is hard to learn the concepts just by a lecture before any practical usage . 
complex topics like Concurrency come , 	6285	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
lectures 	6323	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
that attempt 	6554	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
Lecturers 	6592	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
time allocated for the subject 	6634	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
lectures 	7039	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
covering the slides 	7074	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
lecture series 	7248	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
Honor Code pledges 	7338	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
module 	8507	OOP is undoubtedly the most important module and we started our semester project ( Swimming Competition ) with a great joy with the intention to do a great creation by the semester end . But complex topics like Concurrency come , lectures went really really fast and the most of us could not grab much from the lecture . We noticed that the lecturer is trying to cover all the slides within the day and to explain the topics for us only if time permits . But that attempt was not so successful . Lecturers did their best , we know ! . But time allocated for the subject is not enough ; or there must be something wrong in somewhere - else . We understood this subject only at the last week of the semester . But when we get the big picture , we were late ! . For the project , we could not apply things we learned during last 2 weeks , so how can it measure our true learning ? . It was a so tight schedule ! . At the end of the semester , all the lectures are only concentrating on covering the slides and to finish getting the continuous assessment marks of ours . We came to CSE with the trust you made in us through the first semester well- structured lecture series . But now we see this as a race ; not a true teaching - learning process . Honor Code pledges were taken at the beginning to make sure that we learn everything by our own self . We thought we came to heaven like department where the lecturers help us to grow and we thought we are gonna be one big family . But now we know it is just marketing . We love learning these subjects ; the truth is these are not hard for us . But please give students some time to go to the depth and do things with a better - understanding ! . Covering the module and doing the CA evaluations can be done after students learn the subject properly . If our department continues this way for future , you would one day make a stack - overflow generation ; not a skilled and creative workforce ! . My request is to give students the freedom to learn concepts and do things creatively , then they will master in the subject . Isn 't it the ultimate purpose of both parties ? . Please give us support to learn things properly first , we really want to learn , we have that passion for the subject ! . Please make that environment at CSE ! . Thank you very much madam for everything you taught us throughout the semester ! . We know you did a great job for us , although the module was so lengthy for this semester ! . Hope our feedback would help the administration to make a better CSE Dept tomorrow ! . 
coding examples 	8684	If the concepts can be explained using more coding examples that would be better . 
lecture series 	8752	I am satisfied about this lecture series and it helps me to improve my self studies . I am glad if you can give some more practical problems . 
practical problems 	8849	I am satisfied about this lecture series and it helps me to improve my self studies . I am glad if you can give some more practical problems . 
examples in the lectures 	9276	Discussing the examples in the lectures was good , since we understood the concepts easily through that . If more examples were done for every concept it would have been better . The workload was a bit too much . But the lecture series was good . 
examples 	9375	Discussing the examples in the lectures was good , since we understood the concepts easily through that . If more examples were done for every concept it would have been better . The workload was a bit too much . But the lecture series was good . 
workload 	9445	Discussing the examples in the lectures was good , since we understood the concepts easily through that . If more examples were done for every concept it would have been better . The workload was a bit too much . But the lecture series was good . 
lecture series 	9484	Discussing the examples in the lectures was good , since we understood the concepts easily through that . If more examples were done for every concept it would have been better . The workload was a bit too much . But the lecture series was good . 
GUI implementations 	9541	It would have been great if GUI implementations were discussed in the class . 
Both lecturers 	10057	Both lecturers have done the lectures really well . 
lectures 	10086	Both lecturers have done the lectures really well . 
He 	10112	He was very pleasant and taught us very well . 
course 	10218	As a whole , the course is very good to me . 
lecture series 	10257	I think lecture series is too fast . Should have expend more time with new topics like event handling . 
time with new topics like event handling 	10311	I think lecture series is too fast . Should have expend more time with new topics like event handling . 
Lecture 	10382	It helps me very much . Lecture is so good . 
It 	10406	It was useful for to learn oop concept . But I could not understand some subject . Mainly I suggest if there would be some lectures about GUI and java it would be very useful for students like me . And the lecture was fast . Thank you . 
lecture 	10615	It was useful for to learn oop concept . But I could not understand some subject . Mainly I suggest if there would be some lectures about GUI and java it would be very useful for students like me . And the lecture was fast . Thank you . 
overall teaching of the subject 	10654	The overall teaching of the subject is good . 
speed of the lecturer 	10713	Sometimes the speed of the lecturer was high . So that we couldn 't grab the concepts in the class . Some concepts which were useful to implement in the semester project was taught near the end of the semester . It is good if you can shift those towards the middle of the semester . 
Some concepts 	10801	Sometimes the speed of the lecturer was high . So that we couldn 't grab the concepts in the class . Some concepts which were useful to implement in the semester project was taught near the end of the semester . It is good if you can shift those towards the middle of the semester . 
semester project 	10853	Sometimes the speed of the lecturer was high . So that we couldn 't grab the concepts in the class . Some concepts which were useful to implement in the semester project was taught near the end of the semester . It is good if you can shift those towards the middle of the semester . 
Everything 	10987	Everything was good . Nothing to be noticed as a flaw . The only thing is , I would 've loved it more if we had extra time to practice examples at home . Of course , it is not a fault of this module . But I 'm not sure if there 's going to be another chance to say this . That 's why I 'm mentioning this here . I would love to practice Object Oriented Programming all day than reading " Manufacturing Engineering " and other non- CS modules . Being someone who is obsessed with Computer Science , this module was one of my favorites . 
time to practice examples 	11105	Everything was good . Nothing to be noticed as a flaw . The only thing is , I would 've loved it more if we had extra time to practice examples at home . Of course , it is not a fault of this module . But I 'm not sure if there 's going to be another chance to say this . That 's why I 'm mentioning this here . I would love to practice Object Oriented Programming all day than reading " Manufacturing Engineering " and other non- CS modules . Being someone who is obsessed with Computer Science , this module was one of my favorites . 
overall lecture series 	11523	overall lecture series was good but it was bit hard for a beginner to code in Java . It is better if you could teach Java language before doing the semester project . 
teach Java language 	11635	overall lecture series was good but it was bit hard for a beginner to code in Java . It is better if you could teach Java language before doing the semester project . 
module 	11699	This module encouraged me to do self studies and the lecture series is good . 
lecture series 	11747	This module encouraged me to do self studies and the lecture series is good . 
lectures , 	11780	good lectures , but you should take some simple examples to explain some matters . 
simple examples 	11815	good lectures , but you should take some simple examples to explain some matters . 
Lecture series 	12047	Lecture series very good . It is good if we can have more feedback on the codes we write . 
feedback on the codes 	12106	Lecture series very good . It is good if we can have more feedback on the codes we write . 
lecture series 	12157	Well organized lecture series . Guest lectures were useful . It would be better if the examples codes were given to students which were discussed in the class as we can study them further . 
Guest lectures 	12175	Well organized lecture series . Guest lectures were useful . It would be better if the examples codes were given to students which were discussed in the class as we can study them further . 
examples codes 	12231	Well organized lecture series . Guest lectures were useful . It would be better if the examples codes were given to students which were discussed in the class as we can study them further . 
Lecture series 	12486	Lecture series was good . But the time we had to take notes was not sufficient . If we could have more examples for final sessions it would have been better . 
time 	12521	Lecture series was good . But the time we had to take notes was not sufficient . If we could have more examples for final sessions it would have been better . 
examples for final sessions 	12591	Lecture series was good . But the time we had to take notes was not sufficient . If we could have more examples for final sessions it would have been better . 
